 Managing Director of Leadership Experience, Mehella Oprea. Good morning, white d'otero people! There are so many of you. Oh my god, it's so good to be with you this morning. And get this convention started! Isn't it incredible to have these curling back to our convention stage in Europe? Now I have a curiosity. How many of you attended our dothero convention back in 2019? Who was there in Düsseldorf? Monica was there! Fatia was there! Ferdy, Silvia, Parney. Awesome people! So, I have a confession to make. That was my first dothero convention. And Dave was the first speaker that I saw on stage. And for me, today is quite an amazing 7th year cycle to become complete today. As I'm entering in my 7th year, 7th cycle in my life, I feel that actually comes a beautiful story of my development. As you know, from psychological development point of view, if you look at life, in cycles of 7 years, 42 plus means, yeah, the cycle of contribution. And dothero has given me the space to discover myself in that midlife crisis. Anyone been there? So, seeing Dave on stage really inspired me to understand what dothero was all about. Hearing him back then talking about the dothero beginnings, about the sacrifices that our founders made just to bring dothero to life, it's absolutely amazing. And that's when I was to the phrase, not an essential work company. It's a purpose and people driven company. And it all is settled in our general statement we make. We help the world heal. This is the foundation, the base that has helped design our business model, our supply chain, our programs, our incentives. But how do we do this? Well, when it comes to our products, naturally intelligent products, we intentionally source the giving gifts of the earth and reaching every life we touch in this process. Through our supply chain, we empower people and communities in their pursuit of self-reliance. Through Healing Hands, a foundation we've opened back in 2010 when dothero was not even a profitable company. And with this, we break cycles of human suffering and poverty as our business expands. Through our many millions of members, through you. Because through you we advocate and educate to empower everyone with natural wellness solutions. Through our continuous investment in science and research, bringing essential oils to life. We have done science and a lot of use of essential oils. And today, we will hear some brand new science on essential oils coming exclusively to Europe. We help the world heal. We help the world heal. But you know, healing happens on many levels. So we intentionally help financially, emotionally, through education about healthy living and through a sense of belonging to a community. Now, impact and human connection is the core of dothero. And the curious expression of that is our dothero killing hands. Now, did you know that Poland is one of the leading countries when it comes to the Killingham Matching Projects? Yes, you are! Because thanks to wonderful leaders, thanks to wonderful members. We are actively contributing to support numerous charitable organizations. And you know, every time we come together at our convention, we choose to leave a positive mark on that place that hosts us. There are 6,000 of us here today. And we want to leave a positive impact in Katowice and in Poland. This year is no exception. And we are proud to support an incredibly important local project. Let's see about Feminoteca. Feminoteca is focusing on supporting women who experience gender-based violence, mainly sexual violence, but also domestic violence. Currently, six women live here with five children, three dogs and four cats. We are the only place of its kind in the whole world that takes in women with pets. We create safe space for women so they can share their very heart, sometimes traumatic experience. And they can find here peace, they can find support, they can find trust, which very often they can find in the society. So, in 2025, we received almost 2,000 calls, mostly from women who experience violence, but also from witnesses of violence. Those women who are calling us are not only Polish, but also migrants and refugees, mostly from Ukraine. We are renting this building from the city. It was very messy when we received that. This is a place we want to rent. We live now underneath the floor. We also need huge innovation. So, we need professional and experienced group to take on the challenge. And the fun is to have it ready for women with newborns. You know, it's a special moment in time and also it's a time when women that experience violence are very vulnerable. Without Hominoteka's shelter, they may face any kind of danger which is connected to being a homeless person, like violence, abuse. So, I feel like I'm here very well. I feel like I have my own, that I feel like I have my own, that nobody can tell me that I can't say that I can't leave. Like I can't be trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained It would be better to see the video, there is a chronicle where we can eat, but we don't care. We need funds to run trainings, for example yoga sessions, yoga after trauma, and WENDU to improve their healing process and also to work with their feeling of self-assurance. WENDU is feminist self-defense techniques. It's working with assertiveness, setting our boundaries, with the support of doTERRA. We don't have to be in this kind of situation like we were last month, that we have to refuse two women who wanted to stay in our shelter because we didn't have the rooms for them. Feminoteca does not receive any public funding for supporting women. That's why it's so important for us to receive this donation from doTERRA, because together we can help more women in the needs to experience violence. For more than 20 years, Feminoteca has been a lifetime for women experiencing violence. Their work provides safety, support, and hope in some of the most difficult moments of their people's life. We want to help them expand that support even further. So, today and tomorrow, together, we are aiming to raise $30,000 euros to help. And to help us better understand the impact of this work, I'd like to invite Carolina, who you just saw in the video, who shared with us the support of an organization like Feminoteca and what it really means for domestic violence survivors. Carolina, please join us for... Thank you.