Please welcome to the stage Chief Medical Officer, Dr Russell Osgithor. Hello, you guys! How are you? Yeah! What an amazing few days we have had together. It is wonderful to be with you this afternoon. I have been waiting way too long to share this information with you. I have wanted to do this since I met you on day one, and we're finally here. Are you ready? I want to start with a statement. First, doTERRA commonly, and you have heard us say this over and over and over, that we are the highest quality essential oil in the world. But, what do our competitors say? They say that they are just like us, but that could not be further from the truth. It couldn't be further from the truth, and I'm going to show you how today. Sound good? First, we begin with our pursuit of purity. Purity is where everything began at doTERRA. When Dave Sterling and his partners came together to build this company, the first thing that they tried to find was pure essential oil. They couldn't find it. They looked and they looked and they looked the world over. In fact, for doTERRA to sell to you today the highest quality, most pure essential oils on the market, it took years of work, and they accomplished that task beautifully. The pure essential oils that you enjoy in your homes, in your lives, every day, looking and finding and rooting out, getting rid of all of that adulteration, it led to something unexpected. When doTERRA did the right thing, the hard thing, what they ended up doing as well was creating the most consistent essential oils the world has ever seen. Now what do What do I mean by that? What does consistency mean? Consistency means that when you use an essential oil in 2026 and you use that same essential oil in 2029, that the oil in that bottle has the same potency. Essential oils used to be thought of as fine wine. One year, a vineyard would create a wine that was world class, and everybody in the world wanted it. But the next year, there might be drought or disease, and the wine that that vineyard created, bad. Nobody wanted it. That's how we thought of essential oils. It is not the case. When you are as big as doTERRA is and you source oils from all over the world and you get rid of adulteration, you create consistent potency, bottle after bottle, drop after drop. You can rely on lavender, peppermint, wild orange, and cocaiba to deliver the same chemistry year after year after year. We have gone back eight years into doTERRA's stocks and have looked and have found that that consistency, that's as far as we can go back, by the way. We've gone all the way back to eight years and every single drop, doesn't matter what year you look at it, same consistency. People in this industry think it's impossible. Not for doTERRA. not to get married. When you have purity and you have consistency, that leads to safety in essential oil use and efficacy. So, it starts with purity. We stand here, this is the map upon which we will die, we will never never adulterate our oils. Thank you. That stance, it leads to consistency in the oils and when you have purity and consistency, that leads to safety in their use because you know how to use them and how much to use them and then that leads to efficacy, meaning that you know how to have oils work. So when people say I tried essential oils they don't work for you. They're either using them wrong or they're not using doTERRA. I'm going to say that again. When people say I tried essential oils they don't work for me they're either using them incorrectly for they're not using doTERRA essential oils. Consistency comes from our pursuit of purity and the wise application of science. We spend inordinate amounts of time testing our essential oils to meet the highest quality standard in the industry. I will remind you, however, that in the essential oil industry, like everything in life, you get what you pay for. If you can buy an essential oil in a corner store or in a bodega or in a Target in the United States, you're not buying a pure essential oil. There is no way that a pure essential oil can be delivered at the cost of these kinds of marketing techniques. No way. They have to adulterate, and today I'm going to show you how. But before I do, I want to show you again an illustration of the mountains that we have climbed at doTERRA and that we continue to climb. First is the mountain of detecting adulteration in our essential oils. This is our pursuit of purity. We continue to root that out. We are the world leader in essential oil science. Through the work that we do in clinical science and the work that my colleagues do in the basic science labs that I oversee, we are the world leader in essential oils. Nobody knows more than we do. And I am not just saying that. We have published hundreds of research articles. When you look at all of our scientists together, there is not a single institution that has published more. We know more than anybody else in the whole world about essential oils. Second, our quality challenge number two is to deliver that consistency in the oils, drop to drop, bottle to bottle every year. And this pursuit leads us up the third mountain, which is continuously improving our processes and our products. We are never done working at quality. It is all we think about at Notera. Now, I want to talk with you a little bit about how other companies sell essential oils. To do that, I have to talk about secondary market dynamics. So what do I mean by that? A secondary market is where anybody in our industry can go and buy 20,000 kilograms of lavender. What happened? These marketplaces exist. And companies go to these marketplaces to buy large quantities of essential oil. What happens when you do that? Would you like to know what's happening right now in Europe on the secondary market? This is data nobody else has seen. And it's your data. You excited? All right. You'll want to take a picture of this slide. These are the most adulterated oils in the European Union market. we've done six years of testing across 28 different brands of essential oils sold in Europe, and we analyzed them using GCMS, chiro-GCMS, chemometric analysis, and racial analysis. I know you don't know what that means. It's okay. What it means is we've looked at them under the scientific microscope that you have to use to detect adulteration. When we look at essential oils sold in Europe, what do we see? Look at the yellow on the bottom. Bergamot comes from Italy. It is one of my favorite essential oils. you will constantly see me using Bergamo in my office, at work, and at home. 100% of Bergamo essential oils tested in the EU from other companies are adulterated. 100% of them. Are you mad? Are you shocked? You should be. That's a problem. Look at peppermint essential oil. Something as common as peppermint that you think that anybody in the world can do right. Only 11% of the companies sell a good quality peppermint. And you can see the numbers there. On the right hand side, you can see how those oils are adulterated. Not only can we tell you that they're adulterated, because Because we know what we are doing, we can tell you how they adulterated. And when you look at Bergamo, you can see that they are spiking the Bergamo with Lidlalicetate. Lidlalicetate is easy to make to chemically synthesize it. And so they just spike that into a citrus oil and they make it look like Bergamo. And it has nothing to do with Bergamo. They just add it in. In a lab. This stuff drives me crazy. Look at peppermint. Same thing. Synthetic menthol added. Just to make it have that peppermint taste, but it's not peppermint, it's synthetic menthol. Copaiba and frankincense, look at frankincense. But here's the secret that I want you to know about this slide. When you look at this slide, what you will notice is that most of the oils on here are very expensive oils. Not cheap. Frankincense? Not cheap. Bergamote? Not cheap. Why then are they adulterating? Money. Another common way that companies adulterate their oils for profit is they dilute the oils. They dilute them with a carrier oil, like a vegetable oil. So take a 15 ml bottle. They put 5 ml of lavender in the bottle, 10 ml of vegetable oil. It smells like lavender. You can't smell the difference. But it is one-third the potency, and they make two-thirds more profit. Isn't that crazy? So difficult to detect. In fact, GCMS machines cannot detect this. They can't detect the carrier oil. you have to use different scientific methods to detect when people add carrier oils to a whole essential oil. This is what we do every day at doTERRA to protect you and all of your customers. Another way that other essential oil companies attack essential oils is they strip them down for parts. This car, no more wheels, no more headlights, no more steering wheel, the seats are torn out of it, the windshield's gone, everything's been taken out. companies who use essential oils in their products to achieve consistency because they have to buy their oils from the secondary market. We don't. They buy their essential oils from the secondary market. So to get their toothpaste to taste the same way every time, they take peppermint oil and they put it through a large column. They take out the menthol, only the menthol, and then they add back the exact amount of hemp oil to their toothpaste so that it tastes the same every time. And then they say that it has essential oil in it. Not true. It has hemp oil in it. This stuff, ah, drives me crazy. So now, if I could, I hope you understand that up to 80% of the essential oils sold in Europe today are adulterated in one of these ways that I've just described. I've showed you six years worth of data about the European Union's essential oil industry. And I hope that now you understand just how powerful our position is at doTERRA. Stand in your power. You are in me. You have something in your needs. You have more than anyone else. Now, I'd like to pivot to some clinical data. How would you like to hear about some clinical data on essential oils in our supplements? What I'm going to share with you now are how essential oils make a difference for doTERRA in all of our products. It's information that you already know intuitively because all of you have been doing your own clinical trials in your own homes. But now I'm going to show you clinical evidence to suggest that what you always know is just as true as it always has been. Just now, we have some clinical data to back on. Let's start with the Omega Plus. We did a one-month trial on 67 healthy adults. We looked at them taking three capsules of the Omega every day. Today, what did we find at the end of our study? We found that diastolic blood pressure decreased statistically significantly, and early results also revealed that resting heart rate decreased statistically significantly. These are results that are cardioprotective and that can be applied when we power our Eomega Plus with essential oils. Our secret weapon in this product is wild orange essential oil. In Europe, use lemon. This study was done using wild orange essential oil, but because of the limonene content in lemon, we would assume that much of this result would be the same. We know that limonene modifies enzyme pathways, leads to antioxidant protection in the body, and has and leads to what I'll show, a broad epigenetic impact. What that means is when you take this product, your genes get activated by the product. Your cells start acting differently. And the way they do that is by turning off or turning on genes within their cells that make the cells rev up or rev down from certain pathways. That is how smart essential oils are. They actually turn up and down genes, just like a thermostat in your phone, and it allows your organs to function differently. When we did this, we did a clinical trial that compared, actually, fish oil alone, a good high quality fish oil, to a fish oil plus wild orange oil. So essentially, it was It's a randomized controlled placebo trial on what does adding wild orange oil do to fish oil. And here's what we found, which was so astonishing. When you look at fish oil alone, 33 genes are statistically significantly up or down regulated in the body. When we add wild orange oil to fish oil, almost a thousand genes are upregulated or downregulated. Is that how astonishing? This is, when I saw this result come through and we evaluated the data on the first evening that we got the data back, I was like, really? Holy cow. I had to call our geneticist and have them refilter all of the data, and they double and triple checked it. That is the number. A thousand versus 33. That is what essential oils do, everyone. That is what they do. They're exceptionally powerful tools. I like to call wild orange oil the multiplayer. It leads to full activation of our cells and our potential. It helps your heart work smarter. And it leads to advanced protection for your cardiovascular system. Now let's talk briefly about frankincense. How many of you love frankincense? I can't hear you louder. How many of you love frankincense? Okay, we did a clinical trial on frankincense essential oil, the first human clinical trial ever performed like this one. We did one month of internal use, again 67% of participants, and how we did it is we did three drops of frankincense essential oil once daily in the meal. What did we find at the end of the study? In medical surveys of individuals who took our frankincense essential oil, we see on the orange graphs their level of stress, fear, and anxiety in their life. In the blue graph, in the blue bars, we see the change that occurs when somebody uses frankincense essential oil internally. And what did we see? We saw significant drops in people's GAD-7 survey results. GAD-7 is the medical survey that we do to measure people's fear and anxiety that they experience on a daily basis. These have been used in countless medical studies. We use them here to show how frankincense can calm us and change our mood. You've always known that about frankincense, right? Well, now you have clinical proof. And this is for your sister-in-law who believes you're crazy. The next thing that we found when we looked at what frankincense does is it changes our essential oil, changes our genetic expression. These are genes involved in our mood, how we feel every day. So I'm showing you how our mood changed on frankincense, and now I'm showing you the genes that got modified that led to that change. We saw dopamine, serotonin, and neuroplasticity genes, all statistically significantly altered. We also saw in frankincense essential oil inflammation decreased by measuring high sensitivity CRP in our normal study participants and IL-6, interleukin-6. Participants in the frankincense trial also reported less discomfort, increased mobility, emotional resilience, improved mood, and improved rest and recovery. So I like to think about frankincense as a system calibration oil. Frankincense signals to your cells deeply. It leads to a balanced response for both inflammation and builds resilience in your emotional state. Now, how many of you love Copaiba? I can hear you. How many of you love Copaiba? We did two. We did. In our Copaiba trial, one month, 21 people, one Copaiba soft gel in the morning and one at night, and we blinded the study design for reduced bias. What did we find? Well, first we did two COPAIBA trials. One was the one I just described. The second was a trial where we added COPAIBA to foundational wellness. Foundational wellness is of course VMG+, EO Mega+, and BP Restore. This trial had 84 people and it was for much longer, three months. And we did this trial because the trial results from trial number one were so exciting. What did we find in that first trial? Well in that first trial, we found that people were able to do their functional movements of daily life. Think squats, stretches, lunges, they could do all of these movements almost 20% better than at baseline. This is a powerful change to the way your body moves and functions. How many of you are impressed by that piece of data? We were shocked. The physical therapists who monitored our patients, they did not know whether people were taking placebo or copaiba. And they measured everyone. They were blinded. And they were clinically measuring people with copaiba who were able to do more strength exercises than before. So this morning we heard about how muscle helps us with our longevity. Copaiba does this too. We also found in this study that participants could do six more push-ups at the end of their three months and nine more squats. That's a significant result and one that leads to longevity and longer strength. Kopayba, therefore, leads to measurable performance. It decreases our body fat, our fat mass, and increases our skeletal muscle mass as well. These results are results that you can rely on because of our purity, our consistency, which has led to both safety and efficacy. So Copaiba allows you to move better, think sharper, and improves your body composition in our clinical trial. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the power of essential oils. When we pair our foundational wellness kit with Copaiba, we get the results that I just described. And you have favorite essential oils and oils that you've been using your whole life, that compare and use in this same system to increase your benefit. When we looked at the impact of Copaiba essential oil on foundational wellness, we found that Copaiba added to foundational wellness makes you sharper, stronger, and more vibrant. I am so grateful for the opportunity that I have had to meet with so many of you throughout the course of this convention. You in Europe are doing something beautiful, and we at the Home Office, we have noticed. And we are very, very proud of what you are doing. The hard work and the sacrifice that you are using to bring essential oils to the world to help it heal. Thank you so very much.