 New New Product Marketing Manager, Abby Stouper. Oh, good morning everybody. What a special morning it's been so far. I was prepared to come out here and reveal Castor Oil to all of you. But the video kind of took away my thunder. I'm joking. Nevertheless, I'm so excited to be here with you talking about this incredible new product. One of the simplest ways to support your body is externally and it's also one of the oldest. Castor Oil has been used for generations across cultures. Not as a trend, but as something people have consistently relied on in their daily lives. A traditional solution now elevated to a new standard. Castor Oil's history spanned centuries. Dating back to ancient Egypt, to China and India. It's beautifying benefits were as countless as exclusive. While historical Ainveda practitioners used it to balance the body. And in homes around the world for everyday care, for comfort, for nourishment, families kept a bottle in the home. It's value and its versatility. It's not new. It's been tested over time. So, if some of you are wondering, what is Castor Oil and how is it made? Well, Castor Oil is pressed from the seeds of the Ricinous Communism Farm. And what makes it unique is Ricinolic Acid. A rare fatty acid known for its powerful benefit, which makes up the majority of its chemistry. It does many things. It hydrates the skin. Helps calm irritation. Promotes a glowing and a brighter complexion. And contributes to smoother, more youthful looking skin. To mention only a few of its benefits. And what truly sets doTERRA Castor Oil apart, unsurprisingly, is its strength. It's held to the same uncompromising standards as our essential oils. It is certified pure, tested grade. It's also certified organic. Yes, it's cold pressed. It's completely hexane free. It's vegan friendly. It's vegan friendly. And it's stored in a beautiful amber glass bottle to preserve its integrity. It's naturally thick, consistency and high viscosity helps it stay on the skin for longer. Making it ideal and perfect for blending with your favourite essential oils and enhancing their benefits too. This castor oil is sourced from smallholder farmers in Gujarat, India, where around 80% of the world's castor oil is grown. But, not all castor oil is created equally. And how it's produced matters just as much as where it comes from. Our farmers focus on transforming dry and less fertile land into thriving farmland. Using crop rotation to protect soil health, growing with little to no irrigation and harvesting the seeds by hand to preserve their quality. And, not only castor cultivation is a source of income, but also a highly refined farm, passed on through generations, that sustains rural communities and preserves a unique agricultural tradition. And, guess what? Inside every 300ml bottle is over 7000 drops of CPTG organic castor oil, made by over 450 seeds. That's a lot in a bottle. Castor oil is incredibly versatile and easy to use. And that's one of the main things that I love about it. You can apply it directly to rough areas, like your heels, your knees, your elbows, your cuticles. You can blend it with oils like frankincense and yarrow foam. Or, you can use it as part of a castor oil pack to offer targeted solutions. And, top tip, in the shop from today, there are some castor oil packs available. Just so. You can massage into your scalp before shampooing to the roots. It will moisturize and support the look of full and healthy hair. And, beyond all the physical benefits that it offers, it can simply be a daily ritual. Something grounding and that supports your everyday. Now, what happens? When you combine castor oil with the new Revitazen products, you can create a complete inside-out approach. Revitazen Plus, as we've heard, supports your body's natural ability to eliminate waste. Revitazen essential oil nourishes and supports elimination from the pain. And, castor oil works externally, paired with essential oils or on its own, and applied topically to the area that you want support. A ritual you'll return to again and again. Now, I'm sure and I've heard that you are going to be excited to experience it for yourself. So, in our product showcase, we're going to give you a gift. You just have to come and see us. We have a dedicated space where you can take home your very own Balanced Lowe Serum. Featuring castor oil, lavender, frankincense and ylang-ylang. So, join us in the lab and start experiencing the benefits today. I'll leave you with this. Castor oil is simple. It's effective and it's proven. Combined with modern doTERRA quality and sourcing, it becomes a powerful hydrating addition to your everyday life. Enjoy and thank you. Thank you.