Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Double Diamond leader, Daniela Wilson. I can see that they cut my time down, but we're running late. I'm so happy to be here. I have nothing prepared, no script, no presentation. And I'm leaving my comfort zone because I just want to connect with you from heart to heart. And as I'm talking about alignment, I want you to not just listen to words with your mind, with your head. I want to touch you deep in your heart. That's where we all connect with each other. Where we feel the truth we all share. And it is love. So I invite you to invite you to invite you to bring it all together. To get comfortable in your seat. To close your eyes if that's okay for you. So I'm crossing your legs. And rest your hands gently in your lap. And just take a deep breath in with me. And exhale, let it all go in. And with a little sigh of relief. Feel how that breath is moving your body. Gentle rising of your chest. You get even more help. Nothing you need to do. And just take a deep breath. Simply us being together. And as you breathe, you relax in and deeper. Allowing your heart to get softer. Really soften from inside. And open your mind. And open your heart. Imagine if there is a big ball of golden light above your head. And be like the sun warming your shoulders. And with the next inhale, you draw that light into your head. And let it flow into your heart. And hold it. Hold it there for a second. Hold it there for a second. And then release it through your feet. To the earth underneath us. And let it flow into your hands. Again, again, we breathe in. We breathe in. We spiral in that golden light. And let it flow into your heart. And let it flow into our heart. And our heart even expands more. and hours from an open heart in this space filled with so many people. In our hearts, they join together right now, right here. Because this is what we are meant to do to our purpose. Extending our love to Jesus. Take one more big inhale. And on your exhale, gently open your eyes. Coming back, but holding that inner moment of stillness, of softness, of gentleness. And I hope you can feel what alignment is. Because I cannot explain with many words. But you have to feel it. It has to land in the body. And I hope you can hear. We can hear. Cut the music. And keep my meditation voice. I hope that you could feel something, even if you are not a regular meditator. And it is even not necessary. But I am standing here. Honestly, I don't know what I am talking about now. Because I have nothing prepared. I have ideas in my mind. But I have trusted my alignment so much. Being grounded. Being connected. To the source. To a force far greater than we are. You can call it anything. Universe. God. Or maybe just the loving awareness. The presence. That we can feel in the room right now. And it all connects in our heart. And I think in a time of that. Where everything is changing. Things are maybe falling apart. And that creates fear. I know there is so much fear in the world. And we look for answers and solutions. Outside of us. Maybe we wait for someone to finally save us. But I am only here to tell you right now. That you hold the key to everything. To unlock all the doors your mind want to open. To abundance. To prosperity. To happiness. You hold it deep inside. And it is illusional to think that the outside world is stronger than you. Than the inside world. So if you are willing. And maybe you are willing right now. As I am here. Totally. Open. Open heart. Showing myself maybe more honourable than ever before. Because I realize it is not about the performance. It is actually not what I say. What I do. It is more the frequency. The energy. That I can maybe transmit to you. That is maybe going out to you. If you are willing to receive. So if we are willing to receive something that wants to flow through us. A universal energy of love. Life principles. Of peace. Of connection. If we are willing to receive. If we are willing to receive that. If we are superators to open our heart. We can give it to others. And I think this is more needed than ever before. That we are not closing our hearts. And that we are not contracting. Although it feels on the outside world. And everything is contracting. And everything is tight. And there is darkness. But honestly. We carry the light inside. And this is more needed than ever. That we realize that you are here. To shine it brighter than before. And it is not about maybe fighting and attacking. What you don't like in life. Or maybe even don't like in other people. It is about shining your light brighter. Because the light never attacks the darkness. It shines it away. Simply by being light. So if you. If your heart. If your whole being. Contracts. What happens? Your energy closes down. It is kind of low vibration. And this comes from fear. And the ego wants. To control. To command. To force things. Just to kind of work against that fear. But love. Is the expansion. Love. Allows. Gives space. And the ego. And as soon as we need to be willing. And again. Courageous. To face our emotions. Right now. I am facing a lot of emotions. But emotions are no weakness. So you don't have to. Play it harder. Force it even more. Run faster. you just have to be willing to allow things to happen. And if you allow your heart to open, and I had this moment two weeks ago, I was realizing, wow, my heart still feels close. And maybe on the deepest level I decided it's time now, it's needed more than ever to give my love even more abundantly away, because whatever I give I will receive. And I am here to be a messenger for love. I am here to maybe remind you right now in the room that only love is real. And also this is facing my fear because standing on stage I always, you have to think, oh, what if I have a dry mouth? Well, I have a civil border. Be human, be real. Don't try to be anyone else. We are so focused on the outside, and we see maybe amazing people on the stage. And yes, I have been becoming quite successful in terror, but I am still me, simply me. And I have outgrown a version of myself lately, that won't be performed, that performed out of fear, not being enough, and you heard it so many times. We all share that same wound. So it's time for us to admit it to ourselves, not resist it anymore, not play it over. It's time for all of us to face our shadows and even invite them in, because they carry the greatest gift. And if you give them space, if you allow them to be, I promise you, it will transform. What was maybe fear, and fear is an illusion, becomes this ever-expanding love that creates this field, this field that connects us all, and that comes from the heart. And you have that moment of stillness, of pause. That's why I brought you into this little meditation, and connected you to your breath. All that is an anchor to be here in your body, to feel grounded, connected to something that will always guide you. You just have to ask for guidance, for help. And you have to trust it. This is the hard thing. And then you have to just, just, it takes some practice and time. But you receive all that energy in your heart, and you say, okay, if I have an open heart, go out there and treat people with love. This is what I get that. So you are the creator, and also the actor in your own screenplay. So if your life, right now, is not the way you really want it, you are the one changing. You are the one deciding, maybe right now, that you realign back to the essence you are. We all share the same frequency. I, and you, we are the same. It feels separated because I am standing here and you may be sitting there. But in truth, it's just one consciousness in this room, and expanded over the world. So whatever you give into the field, whatever you put out, it's also coming back to you. So, it's a good advice to start with yourself. If you don't like anything in your life or with people, don't judge. It was a very good advice. I'm keeping very dear lady, not judging. Coming back to my own truth. Because we look for the truth everywhere. And we hear maybe so many stories, and someone says that, and no. Only what feels true in your own heart is truth. And the truth is non-negotiable. It's either true or not. And you will know in your body. Your heart will know. You either expand and you open up, or you feel how your body contracts. So, alignment really is for me the starting point of it all. If I'm connected with myself, with the true self, and this is the journey we are all on right now. It's a collective consciousness shift. A spiritual growth we're all experiencing right now. It can be fun. It can be an opportunity. But you can also see it as a great threat and something that scares you. Whatever life gives you, it's not happening to punish you. It's not happening to you. It's actually happening for you. For you, awakening. To remember that truth. To come back and say, okay. Whatever happens. I remember my essence. I remember my truth. And that is love. And I think even with Dutero, we have to remember that. To bring that company into the new world that is just being versed. And it starts with unity. Unity with us. Alignment from ourselves to others. Heart to heart connections. It's actually not about the rank and the patience you will ever have. It's about how many hearts you can touch. Because this is your soul purpose, your mission, why we came here. The unlearning of fear, which is not a natural pattern we have. We just learned it. We adopted it. Love. Our ego wants us to be involved. A good advice is to just stay in your own center, in your heart center, connected to this amazing earth we all live on. Use essential oils. Every time I use the oils, I'm raising my frequency and I'm remembering my truth and why I'm here, where I'm coming from. And yes, it all has our story. We've heard many of them. But in the end, we all walk together. And actually no one is behind or in front. We walk together. So... And this is where I'm from, because I have not seen and now I'm... have less time. So... I could talk more. I think I could talk for hours too. But I really want you to... hmmm... To remember something. And maybe take this little seed of light. That I've tried to put in your heart right now. That only love is real. And will be the key. And that is found in your heart. To unlock other parts. All the doors that make you sleep close for a while. And sometimes, life is handing you some challenges. Just for you to grow. Just for you to crack open. And I think so many of us feeling this cracking open right now. Just let the light in. And also remember that it shines from you outside. Not to impress others. Not to be really recognized. This is again something the ego wants. Wants to be recognized. I don't want to be recognized in my speech. I want to inspire you to go out. And shine your light. And dare to be you. Simply being you. The time for perfection is over. This time is calling for authenticity. For the real you. And maybe you have outgrown the version that is still trying to do it perfectly. To impress others. Just to be loved in the end. Just to be seen. And maybe I'm just here now. To tell you. I see you. And if you see other people. The way they are. With their fears. With anything there are. And you see right through that veil. Of all the illusion. And you see in your heart. And you see that seat. That we all share. You cannot judge them. Because if you would judge them. You judge yourself. And this is our problem at the moment. We crucify others. And this is why we feel so bad ourselves. So just let it be. Not just let it go. Let it simply be. Give it space. Be you. And dare to go out there. And if you have outgrown the version of you that you don't want to be anymore. With all your strategies to survive. The patterns to improve. Even more. And run faster in the hamster wheel. Stop it. Take off your shoes. Just stand there. Often barefoot. On mother earth. Feel how you are supported. From underneath. Imagine. If you cannot maybe stand. And the light is really shining on you. The sunshine. Imagine. The light is pouring into you. Constantly. You just have to open up your vessel. Every one of you deserve to receive anything you desire. You don't have to earn love. You are love. You don't have to do it with you. There is always a divine timing. Those seeds will bloom when the time is right. Maybe not now, maybe in a week from here, or in months, a year, it doesn't matter. We all have our divine curriculum. So with that I want you to just get up for one last integration, like a moving meditation, almost. Clear the space around here a little bit. It will be, I think, the last song we will dance together. And it's just about inviting this new making rhythm. You wanna dance like the song is yours. So, if the music will play, I'm happy. Okay, we get it up. And you can shake it in your lap. There are diamonds in the light. I was standing inside, I was standing somewhere. I was standing somewhere. And even more seconds. We're going to hold it together. We're going to play with you right now, right here. And then you can sing. The birds just playing. The birds that hold the summer in the middle of this row. And this is for the birds to sing. Because you found the terror. Okay, moving up. They didn't punch. There you are. Excuse me. No. Let's go. Okay. Thank you. Open your palms. Close your eyes. Close your center. Breathe. Feel this vibration. Feel your heart pumping. Nothing you need to control right now. It's all happening. Just by itself. Just let it happen. Feel your grounding. Feel your expansion in your heart. And feel your connection to something that's so much greater than we really are. And feel your hands to your heart center. A little thank you. Namaste. I see your light. And I really want you to work your light out there because it's morning than anything else right now. Remember love. Remember to keep your heart open.