Good morning. Good morning guys. For me it's an honor to be here, the best place where you have to be if you want to grow in this opportunity. And thank you to the corporate to give me this opportunity. I'm happy to share with you my story. Because a lot of people overvalue what can happen in 5 years, 6 years, 10 years. And overvalue what can happen in 1 month, 2 month, 3 months. So if you want to grow, you need to start today. Start very tough, very strong and stay in the environment like this. I don't know why for example people say me, okay, I will come to the conference, but I don't come to the empowerment day. Why not? If you want to grow, this is the best place where you have to be. The best moment to start when you have the decision is yesterday. But yesterday we cannot start. So today is the best day when you know that you won't start really, not just the same. I am 43 years old and I studied a lot of years and I graduated in Software Engineering. And I think this was my dream job. But the first day that I go to the office, I say, wow, this is not my dream job. Because every time the same place, the same people, the same way to go to the office, closest without window, this is not a dream job. And I realized that every day that I come to the office, I work on the boss dream, not my dream. So I was very frustrated because my parents were very proud of me. And I was very frustrated, you have a good job, you earn a lot of money, a lot of money, 2000 euros. For a young man it was a lot of money, but I was not very satisfied. And I think no one could be satisfied if you work 10 hours a day and you cannot decide nothing. So maybe you say to yourself, okay, I have a good job, I am satisfied, but in reality you are not. It's impossible. And I say this to myself every day. And because I realized that if you do a lot of money, but money can come back. If you spend money, money can come back. If you spend time, in my case, two hours a day driving in the car to go to the office, this time you never come back. So I started to think about the freedom, the freedom of how to earn money, but in the freedom way. And everything changed for me one day when I was in the traffic stopping and thinking about it. And doing questions with myself. But real questions. Not just to say what happens every time. But real questions. But do you like this life? And why I cannot change my life? I see a lot of people that someone is afraid of themselves, someone goes to the beach, someone can travel every time. And why not me? And the real question was, why not me? Why not now? So every day, I passed the day thinking about this question. And when I come back to home, I started to find some things to change my life. I started to change my life. I started to change my life. I started to change my life. I can every morning, but without having time. And in this case, I discovered the magic world of network marketing. I didn't know nothing about network marketing. But I decided to start to do network marketing by myself. And my journey in network marketing was very hard. Because I started alone. I started to learn everything. But I realized that if you want to do something that is different that you are doing, that you have done it at the moment, you need to change. You need to learn. And it's hard for people like me. It's hard for people like me that I started 20 years in the college and to learn a lot of things. And one day you say, okay, all the things that I learned is not good for me if I want to change my life. So I started to understand what I mean. And I started to learn. And I started to learn what I mean. And I started to build my flow. My flow was very hard. Because I started network marketing, but without quitting my job. And I started to learn. And I started to learn. And I started to learn. And I started to learn what I mean. And I started to work in the night. I started to work in the night because the day I worked in my first job. and what I mean I started to work I started to find a way to talk with the people to invite people to see my opportunity to talk with the people to see about the products and I started to make a lot of mistakes but of course in the network marketing if you do mistake you are doing the right what the right things because you can do one other mistake but one mistake will be your time so this goes and they will pay forever and I spent well if 12 years in the old opportunity I explained that that is the next and two years in the server and I know that you need to learn every day because every day you can learn something and now this is the most important part for me for you because I won't share why I decided to start with the terror I was the number one in order of opportunity in Italy but I was very frustrated because my people didn't have money and it was very hard for today to do the business so I spent one year one year to study all the rest of the opportunity one year trust me and every time I will come back what is better this is better for this this is better for this and after one year I decided okay doTERRA is the best opportunity for me but the best opportunity for my people and when I say this please trust me no one will find the better opportunity but not just in the network marketing also in other kind of business and I explain why the first thing that I think about I need an opportunity with one problems that can if you strive the products one time if you use the products one time you can say well this is very good this is I can use this forever and this is the number of the there I watched the number of the there about the retention no one I think what no one other opportunity have the same retention of the data of course the oil is not go down it's not gone in one month but you can you can put the people in front of other kind of products other supplement and if you want the right way you can have customers that by every month but the most important things is that products say when did the people find the products they say wow the second thing is the quality of the customers because a lot of opportunity sell something that promise something that could not be real for example lose weight in one month lose weight in three days on the get rich in 50 days but okay you can sell this but the people don't stay so this is why I should doTERRA for the products and of course they are we have the best essence of the world and the essence of the oil is a high quality product to sell because when you talk with someone of what you said a sense of a lot of people say what and you can start the conversation and when they try okay this is amazing this is my advice experience and another important thing is for me it's very easy very easy to teach someone or to earn 500 euro there are not other opportunities that you can teach easily or to earn 500 euro as a side job and what I mean what I say is what if you think if you teach someone to have one customer two customers at home and they keep this customer involving this customer in the right environment with the zoom call and other things in one year just every one customer two customer at home if you put this customer for example two hundred five hundred year this is amazing for me and no one opportunity can give this and if you learn this so if you learn how to do this you can do with a thousand of people okay okay but you have to do this like not hoping of course if you do like hoping the opportunity paid as a lobby okay if you are here I think that we are on growth so we do the things in the right way and to do this as not hoping you need to claim your day and what I mean every day everyone everyone everyone have a different lifestyle different time different journey okay different daily routine so you cannot copy the daily routine of another one but you have to think that okay this is my daily routine I need to put doTERRA in every free time so you can create your daily routine you can shape it and what you have to do for me what I think it's just one amazing rules I am talking about the 10 conversations a day but what I mean 10 conversations a day you have to play your day and every day you have to say okay in this way I can speak with 10 people a day and I see in another mission it's not for me it's not speak with 10 people I think who will be the 10 people the 10 lucky people that I will meet today why I like lucky people because I think I can talk about stay healthy and make money is of course lucky people that if I don't speak they don't know so they can save me alone and what why 10 conversations a day what I mean conversation is I I think conversation is not to say something in the in the but you need to talk with the people and with just one goal talk with the people and bring the people in in to invite for some some someone somewhere somewhere and you can decide okay of course you can talk about business opportunity yoga party aroma touch whatever you want whatever you want whatever you want but you have to change your day routine to talk with a minimum 10 people everyday and with the goal I need to invite these people to my event event could be also working on the beach and talking about stay healthy okay and if you do this of course you need to find the people and a lot of people say yes okay I know that I need to talk with the people but where I find the people I think that I know the people are everywhere for example this is my suggestion you need to find people that are in growing moment if you speak with someone that are just drinking in the bar or maybe just cheating is not in the right moment for me but of course you can do it but for example if you do you have the even bright app in every city there is a lot of also free community events or for example if you want in India they go free courses of yoga in your in your country in your city and you can go you can go so you can talk with new people that are in the growing moment because they want to learn something they want for example in the language school or in the fitness academy of course you can go and talk with the people about your project but the most important things is you have to have your flow what they need your flow your flow is okay if I talk with someone I talk about this I can invite in the next step and then I know if I invite 10 people to become customers one want to know about the business and then I have the second flow for people that start when you have this you just need to put in the beginning of the flow a lot of people and also you can do in online in the Facebook group or maybe with advertising what I mean advertising for example if you organize the aroma touch course in your city and you know that your course is very good if you have 10 people that are doing your course and after you have five customers and two people interested in the business you need just to find a way to have more people and you can you can promote this online and I know that you of course you find people that want to know this but the most important thing is that you have the right flow if you don't have we need to talk about your sponsor or applying to fix it this always saying before for me the most important things also is do a lot of mistakes because for me mistakes are progress without mistake we don't learn nothing because people doing everything in theory not for me is this for me is this or maybe the people say okay I will start when I know everything of course you never will start because I don't know everything maybe I know the 10% but I know the percentage that I need to do what I need to do so the right moment to start and doing mistake is now is not just waiting the right moment the right moment is now and you will you can you can have a excel with you can write your mistake and you will remember okay with this mistake but I have this with this mistake now I have this so a lot of mistake you do faster you can grow so I started because I wanted the freedom and now I am very free in my own in my point of view and my life today is totally different because I never have to ask to someone if I can do something or not but the most important thing is not for me but also for the people that I impacted in my life my parents my friends my people that I met in my journey and if you think oh how many thousand people can be impacted tomorrow if everyone of know of how everyone can try to stop with another another people another people another people and the next conversion maybe will be 20,000 you can impact your life and other life and for me earn money and freedom when you give this opportunity to other people is the best I just want to leave one question one important question is who do you want to become just always say before it's crazy to say I want to grow in the but I don't come to the environment but I don't come to the environment day I don't come this I don't know I don't like these people these people is not good no this is bad things you need just to think about good things because your future start today and your future depends just about your decision so make a clear decision decision and decide today thank you so much thank you so much thank you so much thank you so much thank you so much thank you when I open a bottle of essential oil a feeling of excitement takes over I know that each drop is pure just like nature intended to I see the potential to share I see the potential to share to care to connect with intention I support those who are seeking to improve their lives and the lives of those they love I prioritize wellness by making conscious choices for my mind and audience I find purpose in the listening learning and serving my community within each bottle of those helpless and joy there's a story a place a person a feeling my impact is far better than what I have seen I am a wellness advocate it ladies and gentlemen please welcome to the stage Blue Diamond Dani Lauer Come on.
