Blue Diamond, Melina Ilia-Philmon. Hello, my good-bye friends. Before I begin, I just want to say what an amazing surprise Katowice is. For me as an architect, I find this very fascinating. It has amazing architecture, both contemporary and art info, and I highly recommend visiting and walking around the city. Have you done that already? Find time to visit Katowice. My name is Melina Ilia-Philmon. I've been a wellness advocate for almost ten years. When I discovered doTERRA, I was a young mother running a small architecture office. I had zero knowledge in network marketing. Who else started with zero knowledge? Okay. It actually took me more than a year to fully understand the LRP and the compensation plan. In my defense. It was 2017 and there was little info. Not like today. All I knew was that I loved the oils and the community I was building along with my sister. The rest did not matter. All I wanted was to share the oils. So, in my early days of sharing the oils, when I would go to classes, I would often leave my young daughter with my husband. So, when I came home, this small combat, with a very short engineer mind, would ask, Well, how much money did you make? Honestly, I had no idea. Most times I would spend money, not earn, from one specific class. Have you been there? Yeah. But I knew I was planting the seeds. But what if I had a good plan? What if you can tell your septic husband or a new builder, you can make this much in this time? You are investing your time for this amount of money. I take you back to 2022 at the Empowerment Day in Budapest. Who else was there? Yes. Do you remember the first convention after the pandemic? It was beyond. Now it's B. B. doTERRA. I heard the path to 500 for the first time from Emily Wright. For me, it was mind blowing. By that time, I was already a diamond. So my husband was okay with how much I made. But it hit me. This is what we need to teach. This could be a plan for every builder, sharer or newcomer. So today, for me, it is a great honor to highlight this path to 500 again. Only this time, with the new compensation plan. Who else loves the new compensation plan? Yes. Hitting 500 euros a month is easier. It's duplicating and rewarding. It's also easier to maintain after month 3. But before I break it down, let's put some oils on us. Do you all have oils on you? Find your abundance oil. Whenever I pursue a goal, a task, I find a signature oil for that specific moment. I have an oil for when I hit diamond. An oil for when I hit blue diamond. I even have an oil for when I reflect this speech. So today, my suggestion is wild orange. This is what I have on me. And I didn't pick it randomly. Because it's also good for stage fright. Who knows? So pick that oil that defines the abundance for you. And let it define your goal for B convention. But why teach and pursue the path to 500? Let's be honest. Not everybody wants to be a diamond. Who wants to be a diamond? Not you. You are already diamonds. Do you all want to be diamonds? All I know is that everybody can use some extra money. Right? Are you old enough to remember Jenny Maguire? Do you remember Tom Cruise shouting, Show me the money! Can I hear you? Show me the money! Okay, let's show them the money. Write down in those beautiful blue, baby blue agendas. What 500 euros extra would mean for your family's income? Each month after six months, after a year. What 500 euros extra would mean for every member in your team? Would they engage more? Would they show up at your classes? Or hold their own classes? Would their partners still be asking silly questions? With this path, you can create momentum. Show them it's possible. We all need a stable income. And the Terra has given us a better compensation plan. One that rewards active builders. One that we can pitch to new builders and existing members that are struggling. So, as I said, it took me a year, a lot, okay, to figure out all the Terra conditions. Maybe you're there too. But you don't have to know them all. All you need to know and understand are these two. Fast start and power of three. Do you all know them? Do you all reach them? They are the best and most powerful. So, teach for power of three at the beginning. And you will build trust. Money comes fast. So, rank will follow. This idea meant a lot for my business. I had a silver leader. She was a silver back then. She was struggling. She was a bit disappointed. She was having great volume, but little income. She didn't see results after hard work. So, we sat down. And with this path to 500 in mind, we made some changes that helped her stabilize and increase her income. Now, all her builders aim for the same plan. And she is a platinum-going diamond. With the new compensation plan, you can keep this momentum and repeat each month. This is a simple pitch. I got inspired from the leadership in the USA. This is a simple pitch in three phrases you can say at the end of your classes. Enroll for a fast start. Teach the LRP so you earn the power of three. And teach three people to do the same. It's that easy. So, a quick reminder now about the two commissions. Fast start, based at three levels, starting 20% of the commission value, which is roughly 16-70% of the PV value. It seems complicated, but it really isn't. Then, the power of three, with the big changes on the new compensation plan that rely on LRP costs and not on that 100 PV LRP. Are you all excited for this? So, this is our focus. Part of three level two. And three, of course. Why not? And the best part about the new compensation plan is the boost. Who loves the boost? Yes. It's the best for active wellness advocates. So, power of three level two, with boost, is where the love is. It's where show me the money is. How do we do that? I'll show you an example. The numbers are rounded to five. And you can definitely reach it in other manners as well. But this example is duplicable, fast, and durable. So, for month one, you need to place your 100 PV LRP. Or you can start from your first month on enrollment, if you set up your LRP. Then, enroll four people with 150 PV LRP. And your total average commission will be around 100 euros. For month two, place your 100 PV LRP. You need to do that. Teach your month one enrollees to place, to each place, their 125 PV LRP. Why 125? Because you want them to earn their power of the month and get the best out of their total membership. Teach three of them to do what you did in month one. Enroll four people with 150 PV LRP. Do we stop enrolling? No! We never stop enrolling. So, it's optional in this example, that's very good for you, is to keep enrolling. You will get at least 320 euros in month two, not counting the fast start from your new enrollment. This is how your tree could look like in month two. So, for month three, check one. You will need to place your 100 PV LRP. Now, your first month enrollees will each place their 125 PV LRP. Right? They already love the product. Help them educate their own enrollees from month two to each place 125 PV LRP. Do we stop enrolling in month three? No! We don't stop enrolling. Enroll new people and teach new enrollees about the LRP. Your commission in month three could start from 490 euros, not counting fast start from your new enrollment. How does this sound? Month three, 500 euros. This is how your tree could look like in month three. Well, in month four, you can rest, go on vacation. No! We never rest. We never stop enrolling. Our goal, your goal, is power of three, level two, with 800 PV boost. So, you can start earning from 430 euros each month, plus uni level and fast start from your new enrollment. So, keep enrolling. Educating, sharing the oils, teach the LRP, so your boost heats 800 PV and your team is stable. As you stabilize level two, you can think about level three and of course, rack up, because we all want rack up. But the real magic in doTERRA is the LRP. Enrolling is fast, easy for some, but for stability and long term, this is where you need to work and help your team. Most companies have compensation plans, loyalty rewards, gas stations, online stores. Yes, we all have a card. Of course. But doTERRA's, ours, is just better. It's the best. It gives us 30% in rewards of choice, education, free products, and most of all, health and a great community. Plus, the new compensation plan released that 100 PV pressure and gave us more flexibility. So, focus on LRP and on teaching your team to prioritize the LRP. Now, what do we do? When you go home, not now, because now we are focusing on empowerment, you can open your tree, your graphic tree, and search for those in your team that you will help build their path to 500. You can start with yourself. Write their names down. Schedule a meeting or a Zoom call with each of them. Be a leader. Show them the money. Because this is what leaders do. Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. But when you become a leader, success is all about growing others. Thank you. Everybody.
