 Please welcome to the stage Chief Medical Officer, Dr Russell Osgithor. Hello, you guys! How are you? Yeah! What an amazing few days we have had together. It is wonderful to be with you this afternoon. I have been waiting way too long to share this information with you. I have wanted to do this since I met you on day one and we're finally here. Are you ready? I want to start with a statement. First, doTERRA commonly, and you have heard us say this over and over and over, that we are the highest quality essential oil in the world. But, what do our competitors say? They say that they are just like us. But that could not be further from the truth. It couldn't be further from the truth. And I'm going to show you how today. Sound good? First, we begin with our pursuit of purity. Purity is where everything began at doTERRA. When Dave Sterling and his partners came together to build this company, the first thing that they tried to find was pure essential oil. They couldn't find it. They looked and they looked and they looked the world over. They didn't fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully oils that you enjoy in your homes, in your lives, every day, looking and finding and rooting out, getting rid of all of that adulteration, it led to something unexpected. When doTERRA did the right thing, the hard thing, what they ended up doing as well was creating the most consistent essential oils the world has ever seen. Now what do I mean by that? What does consistency mean? Consistency means that when you use an essential oil in 2026 and you use that same essential oil in 2029, that the oil in that bottle has the same potency. Essential oils used to be thought of as fine wine. One year, a vineyard would create a wine that was world class and everybody in the world wanted it. But the next year, there might be drought or disease and the wine that that vineyard created, bad. Nobody wanted it. That's how we thought of essential oils. It is not the case. When you are as big as doTERRA is and you source oils from all over the world and you get rid of adulteration, you create consistent potency. Bottle after bottle, drop after drop. You can rely on lavender, peppermint, wild orange, and co-pipa to deliver the same chemistry year after year after year. We have gone back eight years into doTERRA's stocks and have looked and have found that that consistency, that's as far as we can go back by the way. We've gone all the way back to eight years and every single drop, doesn't matter what year you look at it, same consistency. People in this industry think it's impossible. Not for doTERRA. Not for doTERRA. When you have purity and you have consistency, that leads to safety in essential oil use and efficacy. So, it starts with purity. We stand here. This is the map upon which we will die. We will never, never adulterate our oils. Thank you. That stance, it leads to consistency in the oils. And when you have purity and consistency, that leads to safety in their use because you know how to use them and how much to use them. And then that leads to efficacy, meaning that you know how to have these oils work. So, when people say, I tried essential oils, they don't work for you. They're either using them wrong or they're not using doTERRA. I'm going to say that again. When people say that again. When people say, I tried essential oils, they don't work for me. They're either using them incorrectly or they're not using doTERRA essential oils. Consistency comes from our pursuit of purity and the wise application of science. We spend inordinate amounts of time testing our essential oils to meet the highest quality standard in the industry. Consistency comes from our essential oils. I will remind you, however, that in the essential oil industry, like everything in life, you get what you pay for. Consistency comes from our essential oils. If you can buy an essential oil in a corner store or in a bodega or in a Target in the United States, you're not buying a pure essential oil. Consistency comes from our essential oil. There is no way that a pure essential oil can be delivered at the cost of these kinds of marketing techniques. No way. They have to adulterate. And today, I'm going to show you how. But before I do, I want to show you again an illustration of the mountains that we have climbed at doTERRA and that we continue to climb. First is the mountain of detecting adulteration in our essential oils. This is our pursuit of purity. We continue to root that out. We are the world leader in essential oil science. Through the work that we do in clinical science and the work that my colleagues do in the basic science labs that I oversee. We are the world leader in essential oils. Nobody knows more than we do. And I am not just saying that. We have published hundreds of research articles. When you look at all of our scientists together, there is not a single institution that has published more. We know more than anybody else in the whole world about essential oils. Second, our quality challenge number two is to deliver that consistency in the oils, drop to drop, bottle to bottle every year. And this pursuit leads us up the third mountain, which is continuously improving our processes and our products. We are never done working at quality. It is all we think about at doTERRA. Now, I want to talk with you a little bit about how other companies sell essential oils. To do that, I have to talk about secondary market dynamics. So what do I mean by that? A secondary market is where anybody in our industry can go and buy 20,000 kilograms of lavender. These marketplaces exist. And companies go to these marketplaces to buy large quantities of essential oil. What happens when you do that? What happens when you do that? Would you like to know what's happening right now in Europe on the secondary market? This is data nobody else has seen. And it's your data. You excited? You excited? You excited? All right. You'll want to take a picture of this slide. These are the most adulterated oils in the European Union market. We've done six years of testing across 28 different brands of essential oils sold in Europe. And we analyze them using GCMS, chiro-GCMS, chemometric analysis, and racial analysis. I know you don't know what that means. It's okay. What it means is we've looked at them under the scientific microscope that you have to use to detect adulteration. When we look at essential oils sold in Europe, what do we see? Look at the yellow on the bottom. Bergamone comes from Italy. It is one of my favorite essential oils. You will constantly see me using Bergamone in my office, at work, and at home. Look at the top. 100% of Bergamone essential oils tested in the EU from other companies are adulterated. 100% of them. Are you mad? Are you shocked? You should be. That's a problem. Look at peppermint essential oil. Look at peppermint essential oil. Something as common as peppermint that you think that anybody in the world can do right. Only 11% of the companies sell a good quality peppermint. And you can see the numbers there. On the right hand side, you can see how those oils are adulterated. Not only can we tell you that they're adulterated, because we know what we are doing, we can tell you how they adulterated. And when you look at Bergamone, you can see that they are spiking the Bergamone with lithylacetate. Lithylacetate is easy to make, to chemically synthesize it. And so they just spike that into a citrus oil and they make it look like Bergamone. And it has nothing to do with Bergamone. They just add it in. In a lab. This stuff drives me crazy. Look at peppermint. Same thing. Synthetic menthol added. Just to make it have that peppermint taste, but it's not peppermint. It's synthetic menthol. Copaiba and frankincense. Look at frankincense. But here's the secret that I want you to know about this slide. When you look at this slide, what you will notice is that most of the oils on here are very expensive oils. Not cheap. Not cheap. Not cheap. Not cheap. Not cheap. Not cheap. Why then are they adulterating? Money. Another common way that companies adulterate their oils for profit is they dilute the oils. They dilute them with a carrier oil, like a vegetable oil. So take a 15 ml bottle. They put 5 ml of lavender in the bottle, 10 ml of vegetable oil. It smells like lavender. It smells like lavender. You can't smell the difference. But it is one-third the potency. And they make two-thirds more profit. Isn't that crazy? It's so difficult to detect. In fact, GCMS machines cannot detect this. They can't detect the carrier oil. You have to use different scientific methods to detect when people add carrier oils to a whole essential oil. This is what we do every day at doTERRA to protect you and all of your customers. Another way that other essential oil companies attack essential oils is