 Please welcome to the stage, Director of Strategic Sourcing and Chair of DoTerra Healing Hands Australia and New Zealand, Emily Bell. Hello! Hi everyone, hello beautiful people. I see a few family faces here. So, we have friends. The energy has been absolutely amazing this week. Some of you might know, I actually live in Australia, but a few fellow members there, thank you. But I actually come from France. And this week, yes! And this week, it's been so amazing because I've been really feeling like you guys are welcoming me back home. So, thank you. And I have to say, I kind of forgot and missed how you guys like to have fun and dance. So, thanks for that as well. Someone asked me recently, actually, well, the last couple of days, what was my journey at DoTerra? So, it made me think and it actually started about 10 years ago. I used to be on the other side of the bottle. I actually worked for one of our supplier in Australia, one of our supply partners. And at the time, I was looking for new customers and so I did my research and looked at DoTerra and other companies. And I thought, wow, this company seems to be doing the right thing. Let's try to talk to them and show them about our quality of oil and our ethical and sustainable supplies. And I can tell you from a supplier point of view, the day we received the call to say that we were qualified because of the quality of our products and because of our disposable sourcing standards, this was a major achievement. So, for me, when the opportunity came to actually come and work for DoTerra and corporate, there was no thinking back. I have loved him at DoTerra because DoTerra is really about human connection. It all starts with nature, but it's really about the bond between the people and the nature and the impact that we make along the way. So, first, today I would like to talk to you a little bit more on how we invest in our impact and I'll separate this in three different sections. Co-impact sourcing, match program and local healing and support and DoTerra Europe here in particular. Our philanthropy efforts really, when it comes to co-impact sourcing, we focus on responsible sourcing standards. And through that, we are able to implement some social impact investments into the supply chains. The match program is about you. It's about you choosing something close to your heart and developing a program so that you can help communities where you see needed the most. And of course, through the local goals of DoTerra Europe prices, we are able to really target some projects in the area where we source some costs as well. So, this brings me to the definition of co-impact sourcing. Co-impact sourcing is our commitment to you to responsibly source essential oils and other people of the earth with care and respect for not only the people but the planet. And as Dave Sterling mentioned yesterday, it is not just about what we source, it's how we source. Because it is as important. It is hard to follow after a doctor on stage, but I'd like to touch base on the DoTerra difference when it comes to a sourcing point of view. From a sourcing point of view, when it comes to our quality, our CPTG, of course sourcing plays a role. Those are very strict standards in terms of quality that we have for testing our products. And we expect that for all of our products. When it comes to sourcing, we actually help this even though this is managed by a quality team. Because we choose to work with the right people, the right oil suppliers that can actually match this quality and those very strict standards that we have. So similarly, co-impact sourcing is about very strict standards as well in terms of responsible sourcing. So when we work with suppliers all over the world, we really choose the one that shares our vision and comply with all those standards. I'm trying to say that UAVT that doTERRA is a member of UAVT. You might not be familiar with UAVT, but it stands for Union for Ethical Bio-Trade. And this leads me to talk about how we work with third party certification models. UAVT is a non-profit association that promotes sourcing with respect and sets good practices for how companies and their suppliers source ingredients from biodiversity. UAVT is a non-profit association that promote biodiversity. So these members promote practices that regenerate nature and secure a better future for all the people involved through ethical sourcing of ingredients from biodiversity. UAVT is a non-profit association that promote diversity. So this contributes to a world in which people and buyers of diversity thrive. Our membership as doTERRA shows our commitment to sourcing once again with respect for the people and for the nature. UAVT is a non-profit association that are not only the same. UAVT is a non-profit association that promote the world. So how do we deal with this on the ground? UAVT is a non-profit association that is spread all around the world. We actually have a sourcing manager even based in Europe looking after these amazing relationships we have with long term partners. UAVT is a non-profit association that are not only the same. So we work with the best partners that we have. We conduct internal due diligence on the ground and we align with third party verification bodies such as UAVT. UAVT and our work all together brings continuous improvement in supply chains. And it also helps us identify needs to support the communities where we work. UAVT is a non-profit association that are not only the same. So before I talk a little bit about some of the projects that we have been working on basically, I am bringing this slide back again that Dave Sterling showed yesterday. We source more than 250 essential arsenic radios from 45 countries. UAVT is a non-profit association that are not only the same. Our global sourcing efforts are happening everywhere. And this is thanks to you. So when you see this map, I want you to visualize that these oils that you use and that you share with other people make this impact all over the world. And it also makes me think about our diversification efforts. We sometimes source an oil of the same quality from different countries. And as we mentioned, it's not just about what we source, but how we source it. And one of the examples, we source to work with smallholder farmers in a certain country over a large plantation, commercial plantation in another one. Once again, this goes back to the impact and the number of people we can help all around the world. Thank you. So thank you. So now I'm wanting to go a little bit more details about some recent projects that we have been working on. I'd like to take you to Albania, where we source quite a lot of farmers and especially in Eucrisum and Loreley. I mentioned about UABT earlier. Both of those supply chains have been verified by UABT and have been qualified as being responsive to source. We source Eucrisum through a beautiful community in Albania and work with partners, Emile and his father and his wife, Lauren. We have been working with them for many years and they work alongside hundreds of small scale farmers. So as well as supporting those farmers with long term contracts, with training on regenerative agricultural practices and all production through top class distilleries, we have been working with them on finding a targeted project for this community. So funds raised from the Terra Healing Hands initiative across Europe and Japan are helping to create a series of water wells in the area. And this project will not only bring water to the land so that the farmers can irrigate their crops but it will also help them to support food production and very importantly bring potable water more easily to these communities. This is a very large scale project which actually only just started in March this year. And it's aiming to support the implementation of 20 green powered community water wells across this agricultural and residential zone. Each 12 will serve an average of 300 residents and this will be across about 400 hectares of farmland. The impact here means we will directly benefit more than 6,000 people with this project. And once again this is thanks to you. This will help improve their health, improve their productivity and their resilience. Dave Sterling is actually making his way to Albania after convention to witness first hand on the implementation of the project. And we just can't wait to bring you some stories about this impact. But I will just share one first. As they were studying the possibility of implementing this project, there was a lady called Maria in one of the villages who actually explained that she has to wake up before dawn to go and walk to the existing infrastructure there and collect water before the water the pressure drops. She has to take her children with her and they sometimes have to carry the heavy emptiness back with her. So that means they are also missing on school. So by having this water well installed in these communities, it will help families like Maria's family. It will improve their health, create more free time, allow for more school time for their children and increase dignity. So once again thank you. I believe some of you in this group will be making their way to Albania in a couple of weeks. And we can't wait to see you there. I will be there and we will be able to actually go and see one of these well that's just been implemented. So I can't wait to welcome you there to see that. Now let me take you to Bulgaria. Oh yeah. Once again in Bulgaria we have been working with UAPT to verify our rose and lavender supply chains. These are managed by our amazing team in Bulgaria and I am pleased to say that we have three of them who have been with us this week and I hope you got the chance to meet with them. As a reminder, Esoteric is based in Dobridge on the east coast of Bulgaria and this is where we work with a lot of farmers that grow the crops and then we distill at Esoteric all such as the Bulgarian lavender, melissa, savory, blue yarrow and of course our new exciting baby, a cute baby. And then we are also here in Bulgaria which I hope you are here. And I hope you all loved and discovered. A lot of love has gone into the production of this new molecule. This is also where we distill most of our frankincense and myrrh resins during the period where we don't harvest those other crops. And we are always looking at other opportunities in terms of crops to renew new crops in the future. At Terra Rosa in Shipka in the Rose Valley, this is where we produce our Bulgarian rose and aldrosols. And before going into more details about some projects, I would actually like to take you there today because the rose harvest started about 10 days ago and we are right in the main for it. So please take a minute to watch this video of a day in the life of a rose at Terra Rosa. A doTERRA-owned distillery journey continues to be a beautiful place. In the heart of Bulgaria's Valley of the Roses, a timeless tradition begins with the first light of day. The rose is harvested by hand each morning, its petals delicate, its essence priceless. At Terra Rosa, a doTERRA-owned distillery, the journey continues. Built in 2020 and operated by the Esoter team, it stands as a symbol of purity, sustainability and partnership. As the rose begins its journey to distillation, it is checked on a special conveyor belt to prevent anything but rose from falling into the still. Roses are delicate by nature, sensitive to heat, light and time. To preserve the rose's full aroma, petals are distilled the same day they're picked, using hydrodistillation to capture the delicate aromatic compounds, preserving the rose's full fragrance and complexity. This time-honored process preserves its natural essence. Each drop of oil is the result of thousands of blossoms. It takes over 10,000 petals to produce just one 5-milliliter bottle of rose essential oil. To produce 1 kilogram of rose oil, 6 stills, each with a 500 kilogram limit, must be running a distillation in order to distill 3,000 kilograms of blossoms. The golden oil is carefully filtered and sealed, capturing the soul of the rose in its purest form. Water from the distillation process is recycled. Even the spent petals have purpose, returned to local farmers as nutrient-rich feed, closing the loop in a sustainable cycle. In 2025, Terra Rosa worked with 35 farmers, 20% of which are women, to bring this beautiful rose to you. From pedal to purity, this is the journey of a rose in a single day. A story of heritage, heart and harmony, distilled at Terra Rosa. I'm actually happy to report that in 2026, we have increased this number of farmers that we work with. I believe the number is 45 this year. Right, Yvette? Thank you. So our impact in Bulgaria has not only been towards farmers and harvesters, but towards the communities in the areas where we work. So around dog-rich and around sheepdog. And I just want to talk briefly about a project last year that we worked on. Thanks to the help of the Terra Japan, we actually worked with an NGO called I Believe and Help, who was made aware of a shortage of blood in this area for the hospitals and clinics. And there was never any blood mobile donation clinic going anywhere. So thanks to them and this house, we were actually able to develop from scratch this ambulance looking mobile blood donation clinic that really is going around the area and able to collect this blood. Similarly, around Dog Bridge, we've been working for many years and doTERRA Europe has been very much so involved with the funding of this project with an association called Step by Step. Step by Step is a group of mentors who actually take the time and dedicate themselves to support young people people who are either orphans or come from difficult situations in their families and help them build resilience, build their skills and create specific activities for them to support them and build a better future. Once again, something that doTERRA Europe has been sponsoring. So thank you. So those stories today are not just about farming. They are about relationships. It's about this human connection and how co-impact sourcing is connected to people and nature. Before I leave you today, I want to take you to my side of the world and actually talk a little bit about Vietnam. And you have to bear with me because this is close to my heart so I get a bit emotional. Unfortunately in Vietnam, a lot of people are victims of human trafficking, especially children and women. Some people would come into villages in rural communities and actually offer them jobs in cities or in other countries. People sign contracts thinking they are going for a better life. And they actually end up in the most horrendous situations. I've heard some stories I cannot even start talking about because it's so hard to hear. But thanks to this organization, they've been helping children who end up in the streets in cities like Hanoi and starting in Ho Chi P. And they're providing them with a shelter. They're also providing them with education and some psychological health. Through the doTERRA Healing Hands Australia New Zealand Foundation, we've been supporting this organization, not only by helping them with these shelter and activities in Hanoi, but by actually funding some rescue operations. So that people can be brought back safely into Vietnam and looked after properly in this center that they have. And we've been working with psychologists there about the oils, teaching them about the oils, and they started using this in the aftercare trauma. So every day, through this partnership, we are helping children that ended up in the streets. We are rescuing people, and we are also helping those victims with aftercare. Thank you. And now we actually drive further because the Blue Dragon Children Foundation's mission is to end human trafficking in Vietnam. So we are actually founding a three-year prevention program with teams and education into those villages so that people do not become so vulnerable to these scans that are happening everywhere. Once again, this is the difference we make at doTERRA. So on this note, I would like to thank you all on behalf of the sourcing team for allowing us to make an impact in the world by not just focusing on long-term sustainable and ethical sourcing practices, but by going beyond the essential oils and supporting those communities in need. In the next video, you will see how we apply the same care for the responsibility for the ingredients in our supplements. Thank you again for everything that you do. See you soon. Thank you.