Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, Vice President of Europe and South Africa, Mark Wolfec Jr. Hello everybody, great to be with you today. Beautiful, beautiful Catawiths. Great to see old friends and new friends. Convention is always a time to reinvigorate and recharge. It's great to be with you today. My heart goes out to every single one of you. Don't care events are something special. Before I go any further, I just want to say thank you. Thank you all for being here. I know it's not always easy. The time, the cost, the energy and the sacrifice, it matters that you're here. I hope you leave this event not just inspired to use oils daily, but inspired to be a greater force for good. Because the reality is, the world needs it. Our world needs it. They need that support, friendship and love. Your friends need it, your foes need it, your neighbor needs it, we all need it. Let me start with something personal. There was a time in my life when on paper everything looked right. I was working in New York City and then I moved to San Francisco building a career, advising multi-billion dollar companies on multi-billion transactions and working with people you regularly see on the news. But with all of that, I didn't feel a sense of purpose. I was surrounded by growth, capital and ambition, but something was still missing. And it forced me to ask myself a question I want all of you to think about today. Why am I doing what I'm doing? And why am I here? That question is what led me to do terrorism. There's a principle that has stayed with me over the years. Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships together. And in doTERRA, trust is everything. Trust in our products, trust in our processes and in our purpose. Do we get everything right all the time? Are we perfect? No. But our commitment is to never lose sight of that trust. So you can feel confident using and sharing what we offer. So why do people join doTERRA? For me, it comes down to four things. Our product, our purpose, our opportunity, and you, our community. Today I'd like to touch on the first two with you today. First, our product. Now, we have the purest, most consistent essential oil in the world. That's not just a claim. It's something we invest in every single day for our sourcing, our research, our science, and our supply chain. No other essential company can compete with that. And you'll see it more in the data. Dr. O will show you later today. Throughout my time at doTERRA, I've been fortunate to learn from incredible mentors. Dave Sterling, who is one of them, and was with us today and this week, has been one of them. Another is Corey Lindley, a founder, former CEO, and CFO of doTERRA. Corey told me something I've never forgotten and it remains with me today. When he left the industry about 20 years ago, after working at one of our competitors, he had the intention of never returning. But when he came across doTERRA and dug into our information and financials, one number changed everything for him. That figure was our retention rate, up to 65 to 70%. Retention rates like this are what companies strive for. And rarely do companies in any industry, and trust me, I've worked with many, see such great retention figures. And even today, now that Corey has retired, that legacy still continues. Those retention numbers haven't changed. Because we are and always will be a product-led company. The second reason people join and stay with doTERRA is our purpose. When we talk about helping the world heal, we mean it. And we actually do it. For our products and our communities and many other ways. And most importantly, how we source. We have donated over 86 million in philanthropic efforts over the years. Reduced our carbon footprint by 16%. And have planted over 700,000 trees on the big island of Hawaii. Which, mind you, is one of the largest reforestation projects in all of the United States. These are big, massive numbers. But what they really show is care and commitment towards people and the planet. My first role at doTERRA, when I joined, involved making investments across the company. Including many within our supply chain. I had the opportunity to visit regions where we source our essential oils. Conduct the due diligence and support our partners financially. Whether through debt or equity or other means to help them grow. One thing I learned very quickly is this. Before doTERRA, the essential oil industry was the wild, wild west. Let me give you one example. In one region where we source our oil, an essential oil broker came and committed to purchasing a large amount of volume. Say for example, for illustration purposes, the 20,000 kilos. At a price well above the market rank. Farmers heard that and they acted on it. They planted more, they invested more, they prepared for that opportunity. A year later, farmers came, oil was produced, and the pyre came back and said they no longer need 20,000 kilos. They only needed 4,000 kilos. As you can imagine, that created a panic in the marketplace. Farmers were left with product they couldn't sell and were forced to sell at a loss, far below what they had been promised. And the reality is, this wasn't a one-time story. This kind of behavior damaged trust across the entire industry. But doTERRA showed a different path. We believed there was a better way to do business, an honest and ethical way. We created long-term agreements, offered fair pricing, and we committed to the quantities we agreed upon. And if a year later, doTERRA didn't need that volume, we still honored our word. We could have followed the old model, no one would have known. But we didn't. We took the more difficult path, an honest path. And that is because our word is our bond. When I reflect on this, I truly believe these. No other company in this industry cares more about people the way we do. Others might say it, but doTERRA will honor it. We've invested hundreds of millions of dollars in our supply chain. We've invested hundreds of millions of dollars in our supply chain. Dr. Hill says it best when no other company knows what we know because no other company does what we do. This story is just an example of that. And it brings me back to where I started. The purpose, the belief, my why. Before I graduated college and before I officially started my career, my parents took my wife and myself on a color-pack sourcing trip to DePaul. This was more than ten years ago, and it was life-changing. I remember walking into one of the villages that doTERRA supports through our sourcing efforts and immediately feeling humbled. They welcomed us with open arms, offered us everything, and thanked us for the good that we have been in their community. We spent that week building schools and wells supporting the villages after the devastating earthquake. I remember thinking, at that time, this is what business should look like. I look back on this opportunity and grounding experience that shaped my attitude towards humanity at a young age, and particularly how doTERRA is so unique in being one of the few companies that bring hope and healing in the world. After this experience, in the fall, I went to work in New York City, the financial industry, and then spent many years in the Bay Area near San Francisco. As I mentioned earlier in my slide, in my talk, I never felt a sense of purpose in my career in New York or San Francisco. I never felt a sense of purpose with these companies that I was a part of, and all they cared about was one thing, and that was capital. Capital returned to their investors. It didn't matter how or where your product was produced or making a positive impact in the world. All that mattered was increasing the stock price or the underlying value of the business to reward shareholders. After a few years, I had the opportunity to come back or join OTERRA. And this was a pivotal moment in my life. Do I stay in San Francisco advising clients on how to maximize returns, or do I go back to Utah, join a company whose philosophy is completely different from what I was used to? I remember discussing this opportunity with Kirsten, my partner, my Brock, and my better half. When I told Kirsten about coming back to OTERRA, she said, I don't know of another company or a single company that does more good food in the world than OTERRA. If you want to be part of a company that makes a difference in the world, we would be fools not to join. She just reiterated what I knew in my heart. At that point, I never looked back. I'm proud to associate myself with OTERRA, with such amazing people, products, and our purpose. The amount of good we do is unmeasurable and unmatched. I hope by the end of this, you all feel a little prouder to be associated with OTERRA. And for those of you who want to be part of a community and make a lasting impact, OTERRA is your home. Whoever needs to hear this, you are needed. Your voice, your time, your commitment, your love, your passion, you are needed here at OTERRA. Thank you for all your love, your support, and your generosity. It's people like you that make OTERRA what it is and what it will always be. Thank you.