and to deeply understand purity and healing. We also have a team of around 150 employees. They share the same intention and work tirelessly to understand our essential oils and derived products can attend life. They want to launch products in Europe and to provide the right support for each one of these. While the second group is more operations driven, their purpose is clear to create a structure that allows you all to be creative and to be the very best advocates of Potera. What makes Potera really special is the partnership between corporate and the leaders. Corporate provides a foundation such as research, structure, regulatory, while leaders bring in heart the trust and the lead experience. One, without the others, cannot scale the impact of their. We, together, can change life. We went through the biggest success of 2025 to create a video that I am about to show you. If you are anything like me, you probably got from one achievement to the next one. Without taking the time to pose and to properly celebrate each mic. So I'd love for us to take that time now. This is Potera Viro 2025 Bureau of the Geek. One of the things that I've appreciated about doTERRA for a long period of time now is that we're never stagnant. We're never just standing and waiting and watching to see what happens. Instead, we're always progressing and we're always moving forward. Every single one in life is on the other side of helping others get what they want. Their growth, their dreams, their breakthroughs. So my friends, let's not lead for applause. Let's lead to make an impact. Let's not chase the spotlight. But let's raise up people who could rise and shine brighter than we ever could. And when it is our time to step back, may our legacy not be in what we built for ourselves, but in what we passed on to leaders who are ready to run further than we ever could. How much I love the emotion of this video. This video shows impact. And now, we are not talking about only one single person, or not a single manager, nor a customer, but everyone, together, like an employer. It's not about the character only of the micro level, but also about the unique world who make it possible. It's about the energy we create together. Each one of us with our own talents, representing a brand we love in our own way. This foundation is about Jenny Klein-Best. Jenny is a general leader who truly leads to action. Jenny, she shows that everything is possible when we continue to act. Jenny will protect the team in every conversation she has. Day in, day out, she acts with courage and commitment, never holding back the power of her the therapist. This foundation is about being the truth of your actions. Because who you are is always reflected in what you do. This gathering is also about Natalia Majewska. Natalia is a man who after the birth of her son, I am looking for a spiritual natural day. She will be in her a simple natural way to support her family's daily routine and create a positive-born environment. Incorporating essential oils into a red day helps her feel more capable and confident with the man. A small ritual became a drowning part of a family life, especially during busy and demanding seasons. Today, she is grateful to trust her intuition and welcome essential oils into her routine. Because she brought more calm, consistency and attention in our everyday life. This foundation is about your story, and your personal experience. Yes, we will be launching amazing products here, but what really matters, is that you share your story with those around you, in this room and beyond, and on social media sites. People don't just need products, they need to live as family. And this is what you are representing. This event is also about Dana Wana Lazar. Many years ago, Dana was sick and started in financial issues. She relied on her husband's support and was doing part time jobs. She was working tirelessly. There were some things in that that they almost loved their apartment. During this time, she worked for someone you might have to go. Elena Simpoich. She tried the old, from a single chain, and started sharing her own stories. She reached silver, her income was already supporting with covering some expenses. Dana and her husband can get free before reaching diamonds. Today, there are diamonds grateful for the new life with the terra. Thank you. And this event, this convention is also about Il Dico Mergo. Nearly two years ago, Il Dico learned about the terra in essential art through any co-alike. She was reserved and quiet in social situations. In addition, she trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained Thank you. So this convention is about your impact and how you create a better world for those around you. Those individuals are recognized and valued because you are there. You trust them and allow them to be who they are. We have highlighted four individuals, but there are thousands like them in this room. Each unique, each one valuable and each embraced. Let's take advantage of this event to get to know each other, to tell a story and to learn from our challenges, talents and success. We invite you to partner with your minds and your heart and be the person you can be. Thank you so much.