it
ladies and gentlemen
please welcome to the stage
Blue Diamond
Dani Lauer
Come on.
I'll out myself right here.
I'm a master overthinker.
I overthink everything.
So I went over thinking about the speech today
and maybe the speech will remind you when you're doing your own classes
or something else you speak in front of people.
I overthought this speech 100 times.
What if I'm rejected?
What if you have no inspiration out of this?
Yes, I'm afraid of being rejected by others.
Because I don't want to feel the pain of being judged.
Because if I'm rejected, it might just prove that I was wrong
and there's something wrong with me.
That I'm not confident enough.
So I'm using what I think others will think of me as a way to judge myself.
But it is really limiting myself and I have no idea what others are thinking.
My brain is just trying to keep me safe.
And now, we stop this.
We are all in this together.
So my worst habit is master overthinking.
And I say this to you, we stop this now.
Because stopping the worst habit will change your business way faster than stop starting your best habit.
So fix the leak before filling the bucket.
We can't just play with rejection with an experience that we are frauded
and something that tells us we are worthy or not.
And we can't control the outcome.
But that's okay.
Rejection is just part of our human experience.
We can't put ourselves out there and trust that we can walk ourselves through whatever happened.
Okay?
You with me?
So I was told to talk today about confidence and believing in the value of the product.
But how can you expect artists to believe in the product if you don't fully believe in yourself?
Because here's the truth.
You can only believe in the value of the product as much as you believe in the value of yourself.
All right.
Today I'm injecting you with all the city.
I'm injecting you with the conviction, the courage, the most motivation and also that electric shock of belief.
So sit with me for a second and close your eyes.
Breathe.
Breathe.
Who would you be if you fully believed in yourself?
Who would you be if you were confident?
Stop doubting.
Stop shrinking.
Open your eyes again. The version of you, you saw, you felt, already exists in you.
So believing in the value of yourself is the ingredient of confidence. And I didn't always have that.
There was a time I knew these products were powerful, yes. And yes, believing in the product and the business is super, super important.
But there is something deeper behind. Confidence transforms outcomes. And that's the whole point.
So the Terra Asker to speak about is here on Empowerment Day. And first I was thinking, who am I to share this?
Who am I to speak? Who am I to talk about confidence? Maybe you know that feeling.
That feeling when you talk about the product and the prices of the product. That voice that says in your mind,
I'm not ready yet. I'm not far enough. I feel like I'm an imposter. Who am I to share this?
But here's the honest part that nobody talks about. Sometimes the feeling comes because structure is missing.
Because experience is missing. And then the solution is a mindset. The solution is learn, practice, try, fail, embarrass yourself and try again.
Because embarrassment is the price you pay for excellence.
But before you get embarrassed, there's fear. Fear of feeling embarrassed. Fear of being too much. Fear of being rejected.
Be audacious. Take up so much space in your business that it makes you feel uncomfortable. Because you're a good person.
And you know that you're a good person. You're going to do good things with the power. The power of confidence.
Trusting that you will handle confidence in a generous, abundant and beautiful way. And I know you want to be a leader yourself.
But for real? You can't even talk about the product and the prices because it feels embarrassing and you don't feel like you're not confident enough?
What if I say, face the fear of rejection because staying in it will make it worse?
Fear will attract all of the information necessary to legitimize existence.
The minute you have a fear of rejection, you're start looking for everywhere. If it's people's opinion you're worried about, you're start looking for every gesture, every look, every word.
You're trying to find something to legitimize the fear that you have in your heart.
But the truth is, the same is true and the positive, right? If it's belief, right?
Suddenly you attract all the things you believe into. You start looking for the good. You start looking for the things that could legitimize what you're believing for.
And I know, fear will still sit in our system, in our bodies, in the way we shrink before we even realize we're doing it.
And I've been through the seasons of self-doubt, feeling that I'm not good enough, lacking motivation. And I really, really hope you don't let the bad days convince you that I'm not good enough or value enough.
I hope you don't let the bad days, the mistakes, the failures, overshadow all the good that you do and the good that you are.
It is very easy to hold on to them. It is very easy to let the good days fade into your past and let the bad ones define you.
But you know that doesn't make you an unsuccessful person. It doesn't mean you're falling behind.
The bad days are there to teach us. They shape us. They build confidence because failures are part of the process.
But they are not a reflection of who you are.
Every single person who made it had to believe in themselves before anyone else did.
They had to have confidence in when they were going, even when the things weren't going the way they were supposed to.
You have something special. And what a difference it would make just because you choose to believe.
So what changed everything for me? I stopped waiting to feel confident. And I started choosing it.
And it's just such a beautiful reminder that every rejection is always redirection.
Because it's not something you have. Confidence is something you decide to step into.
And you don't get confidence. You take action. You will be rejected. It will make you feel wrong. It will make you feel dumb.
You will question everything. You will take action again and you will succeed.
And confidence. Confidence will meet you there. And you don't need more knowledge.
You don't need a better upline. You don't need a better upline.
You need to make the most of your confident energy. Your energy is not here to function.
It is here to create something that moves you. This confident energy is your fire.
It's not here to burn you out. It's here to set other hearts on fire.
And I know, confidence always looks like the arrogance to the insecure.
And I myself was at a point. I was too much, too loud, that I was fake.
To be honest, I was just confident and secure within myself.
Security is the most compelling, the most confronting trait you can have.
And do you ever catch yourself thinking about others or criticize them who are confident?
What you criticize in others, it's what's missing in you.
Here's the truth.
Generally, those full of criticism are those that battle with comparison.
When you don't know your true purpose, you always criticize your design.
And the same is true for others.
When you don't feel comfortable in yourself, you immediately try to associate what you're struggling with and put on someone else.
And here's the other truth, and I wrote this one for free.
The issue you see the most in others, as usual, is the issue you battle the most with personally.
And that's why you're so familiar with it.
That's why you recognize it.
So here's a little tip.
Before you verbalize, but you internalize, why don't you first emphasize before you criticize?
So if someone believes in themselves, they come across as confident.
And I think you should believe in yourself now.
I know this can feel counterintuitive, but you should believe in yourself now.
Not only when you get there.
Because if you don't, you will miss opportunities and dreams simply because you feel like an imposter.
Because you don't believe yet.
And I want to talk about the things that steal confidence from us.
Every single time.
Comparison is the thief of joy, the thief of progress, the thief of creativity, the thief of happiness and confidence.
So stop comparing.
Stop thinking you have to do everything the same way as everyone else.
Because every time you do something you've never done before, you have to do it in a way you've never done it before.
And you cannot use someone else's map to find confidence.
So stop listening to what everyone says you should do.
And start doing what you think you should do.
Do it in a way that feels right to you.
Yes!
Because it might just leave somewhere you've never been before.
And perfection.
That's it.
Perfection stops progress.
Perfection paralyzes us.
So we overthink everything.
We find out that thinking we have to have it all figured out.
No!
We're human.
We're imperfect.
Imperfection makes us confident.
And I know it's scary, but imperfection is the part when you're truly yourself.
So take the first step.
No matter how shaky, no matter how unsure.
Do not hide yourself and go for it.
Because I promise being the best version of you is far better than the second best version of someone else.
You are you.
And that is your super power.
Super power.
And this year, our theme is being.
You don't need to become someone else's to build something big.
You don't need to perform.
You don't need to pretend.
You don't need to be perfect.
You just need to be fully yourself.
Believe.
You see that?
That's you.
That's the whole thing.
You're supposed to be the glitch in the matrix.
And a confident person is the glitch in the matrix.
Because that person shows us what's possible and she might make us a bit uncomfortable.
Uncomfortable.
Because we've never seen open body for ourselves before.
So find one little piece of evidence every single day that makes you believe you can.
And every morning I use citrus bliss.
Not because it makes me confident.
But because it brings me back to myself.
To let my heart wide open.
And step out into this day as confident as I am.
The product doesn't trade the beef.
It amplifies what's already inside you.
A different energy trades a completely different outcome.
So be proud to be a terrible wellness advocate.
Because here's someone's lucky day.
So whether it's their health or their financial opportunities.
You change lives.
So own that.
And before coming to an end.
I'll show you how to become confident before oil classes.
The so called superhero pose.
It's a psycholoctical technique where you adopt a certain stance.
It's like hands on hips.
Chest out.
And standing upright for about two minutes to boost self-confidence.
And reduce stress hormones.
And holding onto this superhero pose for a short time.
Can someone an extra power of confidence and a sense of well-being.
When it's needed.
So I just did it right in front of the stage talk.
And maybe you saw this in Grey's Anatomy.
The doctors in particular use this before operations to improve their success rates.
So we do this together now for one minute.
So get up now.
And let's do this together.
Hands on hips. Chest out.
And feel the energy shift.
The most exciting movement of the day.
The most exciting movement of the day.
The most exciting movement of the day.
The most exciting movement of the day.
The most exciting movement of the day.
The most exciting movement of the day.
The most exciting movement of the day.
The most exciting movement of the day.
So this is my daughter, Dr. Lilly, and she got on stage.
She just showed up fully herself.
She didn't wait until she felt confident.
She just showed up.
And you're meant for great things.
And if you're still waiting for permission, she just walked out in front of you like it was nothing.
She didn't ask if she was ready.
She didn't wait until she felt confident.
She just showed up completely herself, right?
And if she can do that in front of you, what's your excuse?
