I think it's been, I think the last time I was here in Europe might have been 2019, at opening of our Munich office. And so it's been just a little better tonight for us. But my wife and I are so glad to be here. We have just so enjoyed being with some of you at some of the parties last night and at the event. It's been great. Thanks for making us feel so, so welcome. When we first started doTERRA, our family in 2008 looked like that. Those are our kids. We have a lot of kids. We have nine kids. So, they're great. Today, the family, they grew up, all the kids grew up. And we haven't gotten any older, but they grew up. And today, we're coming into our grandkids. And we love our grandkids. And we have lots of those, too. Believe it or not, we have 18 grandkids. Believe it or not, 18 grandkids. We have our own little team just there, don't we? Well, one thing I'm grateful for is that we're empty nesters now. And so my companion of 38 years, my wife, Lurie, gets to be with me on a lot more of these trips. So I'm glad to have her with us here today, too. You know, a few years ago, I introduced my wife, Lurie, to snowmobiles. At first, it didn't go so well. But then she started to take to it. She started to be quite good. She hasn't been in one. Thank you. She's got a little bit of snow up where we live. And so we have some fun with that. But anyway, like I said, we're just grateful to be with you here today. And for doTERRA, it has been quite a journey over the last 18 years. We just turned 18 years old. And we've got these global leaders everywhere now throughout the world. We're on pretty much every continent that there is in the world. We've introduced a lot of great innovative products. But most importantly, we've also had this transformational thing that happened around the world. Millions of people have this. And you know, when we first started doTERRA, it was a new vision that we had. And this vision, when we started it, alternative holistic products weren't as common. It was more of an out-pathic western medicine world that certainly I came from. But we had this new vision that was introduced our products in a manner that they were achieved. We did this with these essential oils. And this is a vision that started out slow, but it gained momentum as it went. And I'll just say that when we first started coming to Europe, I remember visiting London. We'd go on this track through Germany and France and England and some Austria and some different places. In London, we had a hard time getting more than 20 people there for use. And then Austria was maybe a little bit sort of hard. Bigger, small way up to 50 people. But we just kept teaching. We just kept teaching. In Germany, it started out very slow. We just had 10 or 15 people there originally. And then just kept going. And then Romania and other places kept on. And everything checked. Now, this library here, this library here is actually where it all began. This is an actual picture of a library in a city called Orem in Utah, where we started with just a few of us partners together. And we were meeting in this library and talking about what we were going to do, what we could do. And as we met in the library, we finally got so animated and so excited about this that the librarian came and asked us to leave. Because we were getting too noisy. And too passionate, too excited about this. And that's where it actually began, the first conversation, the first thoughts about starting Wynterra. We chose to do this in 2008. In 2008, they had what they called the housing bond market crash in the United States. And that was really, really bad. And through the United States, it was probably one of the worst recessions that we've ever seen. And this was the climate when we started the company. Many people were out of work. There was a lot of fear and despair going on at the time. And also, it was, like I said, it was in a world where, I guess you could say natural products or alternative health hadn't really caught hope yet. But there was a great vacuum there. There was a great desire, a great need. And we stepped into that factory. And we tried our best to fill it. Another thing was, as many of you know, the direct sales industry did not have a great reputation. It was largely focused on money and other things like that. And it was things that we didn't like. Attention free and low. It was a lot of hype. You come to meetings like this. A lot of smoke, maybe. Or there would be, you know, maybe a Ferrari on stage. And this is what people are getting excited about. This is not something that we wanted to build. We wanted to build something very different. And so we did. And we wanted to focus on products. We wanted to focus on real education that are needed. That's what you're going to hear a lot of today. You're going to hear a lot of real education. And then, of course, we came up with this Co-Impact Solution that's become such a big part of what we're doing today. I always loved kind of this depiction of a picture of who we are. You know, in the industry, most companies are focused first on the business, second on the products, and third on the people. But go, Tara, if you haven't figured this out already, we focus on the people. The people of hers that share their business. Next is the product. And even though that business will there small, it becomes a very powerful part of what we do. Because of the retention, it becomes very, very powerful as a business as well. In the beginnings, we all have the beginnings. In 2008, this was a picture of our very first convention. And we have about 300 people there. We have a lot more people here today. But then it was just about 300 of our first convention. Now, I don't have a picture of the first convention. I think it was in 2012 in Europe, I believe. But this is a picture of one of the earlier meetings. There might be a few familiar faces in that group. But this is kind of how it all began. I think in 2012, some of you came to our convention in the United States. And we had this little barbecue, as we call it, in our backyard. And we had some of you over in our home, in our backyard. Getting some familiar faces there. Those are some good memories. And then you got way too big. You couldn't do that anymore. But that's okay. That's okay. You know, when we walked into this essential oil world, it was largely a healer's, into a boutique, sort of a niche that essential oils were in. And we wanted, of course, to use them in a very different way, in a medicinal way. And so those who were involved with essential oils, kind of, you know, they complied perhaps to minimum standards. Or worse, they just didn't want to know what was in their essential oils that they were selling. Or even worse, they were actually unethical in extending essential oils with sometimes synthetic components, sometimes natural isolates. If they got bad or poor essential oils, they could look better. A lot of this was going on. When we came into this, we wanted only to have the highest quality, purest essential oils. And we wanted to set a new standard. And we did. And it looked a little bit like this in the beginning. About essential oils made their way to you. It went first through the farmers. Started out pretty good. Then it went to the distillers. They still have essential oil. Then it went to the in-country, what we call brokers, or sometimes perfumers. And they would change the oil. They would enhance it. They would extend it. And because oil essential oils are very expensive, if I could extend them, then I could make more money. And so they would do that. Then we could shift over to the United States, well, once again, more brokers, more perfumers would change the essential oil and do various things. So finally, it makes you a company and fine name to you as consumers. Well, today, it looks a little different than that. Let me see if I get this to work. There we go. Today, what we did with doTERRA over the years, as fast as we could, is we removed these mental men. And now we go directly from the farmers to the distiller to doTERRA. We do a lot of testing along the way. A lot of testing. If some of you ever have a chance to come and visit some of our labs in Utah, you'd be amazed at the process that we go through with our essential oils. We hold the very high standards. It finally goes directly from there to you as the consumer. And so we changed an industry. We changed an industry. And even in the United States, we're given credit for actually changing this industry. And we continue to hold that very, very high standard. You know, back a long time ago now, I can't even remember exactly when, we coined this phrase cold impact source. We wanted to, we wanted to one, well, the reason we started this to begin with, frankly, was because we were afraid that we were not going to have enough essential oil. In some cases, we were exceeding our demand with you was exceeding the supply of essential oils in the world. And so we had to start to penetrate that supply chain to make sure we didn't run out of essential oils. We did it for that reason. And the second reason is we wanted to ensure the purity. We wanted to take control of that so we could ensure that we were delivering pure additional grades, essential oils. That was kind of a process. This is where we came up with full impact sourcing. And some of you will be committed with esoteric here in Europe. And some beautiful people. These are some early pictures. This was 2018, I believe, so 10 years ago. And we were there for the ribbon cutting of our new facility there. And we had some of our wellness advocates, as you can see, with that lavender that's getting close to being ready to be harvested. And then Melissa as well. And this is a picture of that group that was with us back then. Well, four years later, you can see this. Oh, they changed my slide here. I was going to show you what it looked like at the beginning with that one building up in that upper left hand corner. That was it. That was all we had. And then this is what it looked like four years later. We added quite a bit. It's grown a lot. A lot more happens every day. It's a great facility. And we just love our team that works out there. Now, this grew and grew and grew until we had a large amount of these projects all over the world. And you can see in Europe, we have a number of essential oils that come from here. We have Beijing and Bulgaria and Finland and France and Greece and Italy and Moldova. Then a few. And so a number of these beautiful essential oils come here from where you are from. But you know, how we source, how we procure these essential oils matters more, at least as much, maybe even more than what we source. This is really, really important to us. We want it to give back. That's the turn. It has to be done in the right way. We want to bless the lives of those people who are participating in growing essential oils, instilling and harvesting, instilling all the way through that change. We've done our best over the years to do that. Some of you have been involved in some of these projects. You've gotten on a visit at this. We try to bless the lives of these people who are producing these essential oils and doing all of this work. And that has become a massive effort. Now touching the lives and blessing the lives of literally several hundred thousand people today. This is the impact that you're having. And we have a great team on the way. Our sourcing team, some of which you've heard from and you will hear from, that oversee this. And they are into this. Their hearts are there. Their passion is there. How we do this is very, very, very important to us. Now, it's been 18 years. Last month we had our 18 year anniversary for GoTera when it all started. It's been a big, big chance. Great collaboration. that can never change. It can never change. One of those is humor, commitment to you, and then our belief in the power of essential oils. They are a great part of the life of it. You know that most people join doTERRA, most people join doTERRA because of their experience with essential oils. It's because somebody solves some issue that they have, some problem they have. It might be a chronic problem, it might be an acute problem, but they solve these problems and they go, what the heck is this? Why did that happen? And they have experience. That's what brings the majority of the people into doTERRA, is an experience like that. But we never forgot this connection with you. But I want you to realize this, that doTERRA is about the people, the organization, the connection that we have. This is what we do, is we serve other people. We connect with other people. This is actually our purpose. This is what we think is the most important thing. You're our purpose. And doTERRA, as you know, is part of nature. The name doTERRA is LAP, or gift of the earth. And that's what the essential oils are, is their gift of the earth. They work with us, don't they? They work with us, don't they? They work with us. They work with us. They work with our bodies. Our bodies are natural organisms. They are intelligent. And everything is moving and adjusting in our body. And essential oils are natural too. Our body is constantly adjusting to our needs, isn't it? And essential oils work with our body. And with that intelligence that's there to enhance our ability to do this. They don't come in and disrupt things. They work with us. And it's a beautiful thing. And especially, they're powerful in the hands of somebody that knows how to use them. Because you have more and more experience with essential oils. First, maybe you'll know how they work because of the science. And you'll hear some more of that today. But sometimes, I've seen some of our most powerful leaders use them for their intuition. They use intuition for what's needed for the particular person or something they're struggling with. And they use this intuition. And the body knows what to do with that. Now today, today, we live in an era of artificial intelligence, don't we? How many of you are excited about artificial intelligence? Yes? How many of you are real nervous? Yeah? It's one of those things you look at it and you go, wow, that's amazing. AI can do some pretty incredible things. Then another side, we go, wow, what does this mean for my world? How is this going to change my world? I'm going to tell you something. The world today suffers from a new pandemic. We all went through a horrible, hard pandemic in 2020 with COVID, didn't we? That's tough. That brings back some pretty bad memories for me anyway. And for probably a lot of you. But I just want to tell you that we have a new pandemic today in the world. Scientists, social scientists call it a pandemic of anxiety. They call it a pandemic of loneliness. Many people are becoming more lonely. Even though we have this social media online and everybody gets into this social media. We have a new pandemic. Now we are adding artificial intelligence. And now we are adding artificial intelligence to it. And it can kind of look like a living thing. Well, it doesn't quite work. It doesn't. It doesn't quite work. But doTERRA is about natural intelligence. And I want to share with you a video, a short video about this natural intelligence. Go ahead and play it. Go ahead and play it. Go ahead and play it. Great. Our world is drowning in the artificial. We've become disconnected from what's real, from ourselves, from each other, and from nature. We've replaced natural with synthetic, intuition with algorithms, empathy with efficiency. Is it any wonder we feel so depleted, overwhelmed, and isolated? In your heart, you know there's a better way. That the answer both surrounds us and lives within us. We call it natural intelligence. A return to what's real, re-embracing a way of life for natural solutions that may heal another's intuition guides. And human connections ground us. Together, we're awakening this natural intelligence within us all. By distilling nature's wisdom into simple, intuitive solutions. That empower you to confidently care for yourself, your loved ones, and community. Our essential oils are natural intelligence in its purest, most potent form. Thanks to our shared natural chemistry, our bodies immediately recognize and harmonize with each essential oil. Channeling their distinct restorative wisdom into personalized support. And because our essential oils are of the highest quality, they're also proven and precise. Which is why every day, millions of mothers trust our lemon to cleanse, our peppermint to energize, and our lavender to calm. Natural intelligence is also innate to our shared humanity. Every time you reach out, every time you comfort, every time you share. We believe in this truth so deeply that you've made it central to the way you work. Together with millions of passionate wellness advocates, we're growing a global community committed to a deeper level of care. All while locking arms with farmers, harvesters, and astutters, who cultivate these gifts of the earth. Join us as we defy the artificial, and return to what's real. Because life can only come from life. Choose natural intelligence. Choose doTERRA. Thank you. You know, it isn't that we're against artificial intelligence. But we recognize how important it is to have this natural intelligence. We're human beings. This is who we are. We need to interact with one another. We need to connect with one another. And this is something that we will always, always focus on, always be true to. You know, the natural intelligence is the purpose for our products, right? But the human intelligence, I'm going to call it, is the reason that our business works with tribes. If you haven't figured that out there with doTERRA, that's who we are. That's what we do. Is that we bring people together, and we celebrate people. We celebrate connections. We build a powerful community, a powerful culture. And this becomes a place where people can identify, and can feel like they are a part of something that's worthwhile. A part of something that's doing a lot of good in the world. A part of something that's impacting a lot of lives we do. Because in the end, in the end, that's what we do. We have to make choices. We live in a world today that feels like it's growing in conflict. It's growing in people having disparate views. Just because my perception of something is different from yours, it makes me an enemy to you. We can't do that. We can't let that happen. We know what happens when we allow those kinds of things to overtake our feelings and our hearts and our minds. It spirals down. And pretty soon, we're in a destructive place. That's why we make these choices of love over hate, natural over artificial. We want to have great impact in people's lives for good rather than being indifferent. We want to have this human connection, real human connection, rather than this artificial human connection, which our world has grown into a lot today. Even though we're on social media, and we see these, we're constantly seeing what our friends and family members and others are doing. You think, oh, I'm connected. I'm connected. I know what's going on. And people would give me lots of thumbs ups and likes and reposting and sharing what I post. In the end, that doesn't really make you happy. What brings happiness is human connection. This is something that doTERRA's always wanted to focus on. Because we understand this. This is the community that we work so hard to build. You know, when the power of men come together, they're born to power of the minds. Like we do today. Then movement, movement's happening. Movement's to become powerful enough to change the world. That's what doTERRA's really about. It's about changing the world. You need to know this. You need to know that doTERRA's what we call a consecrated company. We're consecrated to you, to the people, to the work that we do. When we all leave this world one day, we won't take out of it much more than we came into it with, right? But what we'll leave behind? What we'll leave behind is relationships, legacies, people we've impacted for good. That's ultimately, that's ultimately your legacy and what you'll leave behind. So I love this convention with the be, we want you to be. We want you to be everything that you can't be. We want to provide a community, a connection point, that you can grow and become something better than you've ever been able to be before. That's what we do. We build people, we build each other. That's doTERRA. Thank you. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Thank you. Thank you for freedom, the year of my time, talent and resources. Me go, TERRA, it's raising consciousness, it's guiding people to bigger hearts and bigger minds. It means the world to me. My legacy is to provide a forever home and income for my four artistic sons. My legacy is love and service. To awaken people to their full potential. I am an inspiring leader. I am strong.