 Oh, what a day it has been. Just what a day. I've been watching everything today. I've been so impressed with so much incredible information. We just love Danny too. I hope you got all grounded and energized at the same time. And of course some of the information we received today is incredible. What do you think? Has this been a good convention? Has this brought me up a good one? We're going to have a rest of it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And for those of you who are new, I hope that maybe you're starting to figure it out. Okay? A little bit of what the mission of GoTerry is. I hope it's starting to maybe come home to you a little bit. And I'm just going to close with a couple of things here. But as I was putting together some final thoughts for the day, I was digging through some stuff yesterday, literally. I found an old video from about ten years ago. And it's a little bit long, but it was, it brought back a lot of memories for me. Because I heard it. They brought us, they told us, it's the founders of GoTerry. They're coming to an old building. And so I showed up there, and others did. And they walked into an empty room. There's just this empty room. And there's a stool sitting in the middle of the room. No strips, no preparation. And they just stuck a stool in the middle of the room. And then had us come in and they asked us a few questions. This is the video I want you to share with me. Right from the beginning, having a completely pure essential oil. Essential oils that you purchase on the market are either going to be synthetic, or they're going to be aging. Our focus was that you can improve on other nature. And you shouldn't try. We knew that we had to find a better way. We had to ensure the purity, the potency of these essential oils coming from the land. We had to make sure that we became the stewards of nature. That they became unchanged as nature produces them. It wasn't something that we just thought about that was clever or what would happen if we did this. We really felt like that this was a path that we needed to follow, we wanted to follow, but that was really meaningful in the marketplace. I had always been looking for more of a natural form of healthcare after I had kids. Because I was shocked at the lack of resources that there were as a parent. Every mom wants everything for their kids. So to have the trust in a product that's not only 100% safe, but 100% effective, it's priceless. We are interested in having the purest, most powerful, most holy, highest quality essential oils that you can have. But in the process, we're also very interested in doing good in the world. I realized that these oils have an initiative that goes far beyond any person. They're put on this earth for a purpose and for our human. It's an amazing thing for people to have. To allow individuals to recognize their value. So it's a whole lifestyle mindset. And I'm so grateful that I've started to shift to a healthier lifestyle. And having essential oils, it's empowering. Physicians who become more and more aware of the therapeutic potency of these essential oils. As we move toward the future of modern healthcare, we'll begin utilizing it in a clinical setting. That is what it's all about. It's not about personal wealth or personal changes. There's something we can do here to help, to get back. No other industry has the ability to connect people together. And provide an opportunity for them to help each other. Just this whole community that has come together. I knew, the people in my heart, that we could make something new and different with doTERRA. And it would truly be something I would be proud of. I just think the whole planet is being lifted by this company. And it makes it so easy to be passionate. Because I know that every step of the way, it's lifting someone. It's blessing someone. It's a light to someone. It's a light to someone. Some people are asking the question, is the dream alive already? And I think about that all the time. And I have to say, there has never been another time in the history of theTERRA where the dream has been more alive than it is now. But the thing that needs to be understood is that our model is really focused on two things. It's focused on getting the best and having the most. That's our goal. That's our objective. To make everyone a better human being. With that, they start to dream again. They go out in the world. They do great things. Pretty soon, the impact is happening with millions of lives. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. They go out there. the raw motion of what Gautier really is. That's why I love that video. But I'll also add that I hesitate a little bit to show it. Let me tell you why. It's because I don't want Gautier to be about its founders. Okay? I don't want it to be about its founders. It's something much more than that. It has to go on in perpetuity. It has to be a forever company. That means that deep culture, that vision, that purpose of who we are has to sit with you and so many others. That's what happens to each one of you. So if you're new here, pretend how it works. You come. Maybe you just come because you love essential oils and you want that education. Then you start to get more engaged and more involved. Your circle of influence starts to grow to maybe ten people. Then it grows beyond that. You start to engage and try to help and work and do more. And it grows to a hundred people. Then hundreds of people. Then thousands of people. Then tens of thousands of people. I watch people like Mary Smith up here talking about Lesbos. I remember that ten years ago. I remember when he and some of the other leaders from here went out there to try to help. Our first project was to supply ten thousand sleeping bags. The conditions of the camp were so bad that I know it deeply, deeply impacted Murray and the others who were with him. And now we see the full circle a little bit today, right? What happens? Brought back a lot of memories for me. Very little. I hope you see that. This is a moment in time. It's a moment in time where we make decisions. We make these commitments. And they have to be very intentional. Because it is a lot of work. The one you see up here on stage, leaders that you've heard from today hasn't been easy for. They've all gone through their, I call it the valley of death. And sometimes their gethsemane, their hardship. And that's part of the ups and that's part of the lows. We grow the most probably when we're hitting our lungs. And when we actually find out who we really are. And that's what maybe you've seen with this. So make no mistake. Doteric changes people. If you live and you engage, it will change you. If you haven't figured it out already, Doteric is a powerful platform for which you can do a lot, a lot of good in this world. If we talk about generations, there's lots of good stuff about the millennial, the Gen Z, the Gen Y, all of these different generations. But they have something in common. They see meaning. Whether you're talking about millennials, Gen Y, Gen Z, there seems to be a new objective that's, a new objective that's closely following the money. That is, as important as money is meaning. People want meaning. It's about building a culture and a community that they desire to be a part of. They see meaning because they want to make a difference, a real difference in the fact that the world's been there. That's what people want. That's what gives us the purpose of life. It makes us feel like what we're doing is worthwhile. I love this saying from Maya Angelou, a civil rights activist from the past. She said, I've learned that people will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But they will never forget how you made them feel. Isn't that true? Isn't that true? You know, a Spanish philosopher once said, tell me what you pay attention to, and I will tell you who you are. Let me say that again. Tell me what you pay attention to, and I will tell you who you are. We have a lot of things in this world that are vying for our attention. Don't we? A massive amount of things. The garage with information and content is constantly trying to come in and vying for our precious time. And it's so important that we protect that. I once heard someone say that we underestimate the unimportance of almost everything. That sounds a little strange, doesn't it? We underestimate the unimportance of almost everything. We have to be really careful what we allow to take up our precious time. I hope you've learned a few things today from some of the things you've heard from the presenters that maybe found your North Star a little bit more. You're going to see us at Doterra very intentionally in the coming months ahead, step into this space and retake what we've rightfully created and built, the strongest, biggest essential oil revolution the world has ever seen. We've let that go. We've lost it on the SEO, arguably a little bit. We've lost it on the search engines, SEO. We've lost it in artificial intelligence engines to some degree. You're going to see us retake that both offensively and defensively. You're going to see us reestablish what we have done because no one else has made any effort to bring that. So this little sense here is a question. Really, time is all we really have, right? One day we might wake up and finally we have worse of it than we thought. So I have two questions. The following is, what wisdom would you impart to the world if you had to vanish tomorrow? Think on that. What wisdom would you impart to the world if you had to vanish tomorrow? Second question is, what would you want to leave as your legacy? You know, we go out of this world pretty much with not as much as we've come into it with, right? We don't take much out of this world more than we came into it with. But what we do leave behind is the impact that we have on other people's lives. So think about that. That's what those areas are about. We have a lot of powerful products. We really want a platform for having a lot of impact in a lot of other people's lives. If you go with that, you can become something really, really incredible. That's what this convention has been about, isn't it? It's about being. It's about becoming. I'm going to tell you, for those of you who are new, especially, that you're...