Wow, it's so fantastic in here. You are amazing. How are y'all doing this morning? I can hear you. There we go. It is so great to be with you here in Poland at B. What a wonderful occasion we had together this morning. Today I get to introduce a few of my favorite people and shift from what has been happening this morning where we have learned about our foundation of who we are at doTERRA and who we've become at doTERRA. And now, I'm going to be here to doTERRA. Are you anxious to get into product? Alright, so am I. Today, to help you understand how important Europe is to doTERRA, I just wish to explain something. Normally, when we go to conventions all around the world, we bring one medical doctor. To Europe, we brought a lot of people. Today, you are going to hear from Dr. Scott Johnson. Dr. Johnson is a doctor of naturopathy, and he is doTERRA's secret weapon. I think you all know him, but his understanding of the chemistry of essential oils is profound. He has published over three dozen books, with many in this space. He is a world-renowned expert in essential oils, and you have the opportunity to learn from him this morning and talk with him this weekend. Are you excited about that? Also, we have brought Dr. Alexandre Nietzsche. You know what I mean? Dr. Nietzsche is another secret weapon at doTERRA, and especially here in Europe. In fact, I think we need to take her with us elsewhere in the world. Would you mind if we borrowed her from time to time to time? Would that be okay? No? No? You don't want to share? I understand. Dr. Nietzsche is an incredible woman with an incredible background. She is a lieutenant colonel in her country's military. She is going to be a general officer this year. She is board-certified in general medicine. She has worked in anesthesia, board-certified in diet medicine. She has a deep understanding of essential oils and uses them every day in her practice. And how many of you are excited to hear from her this morning? Thank you. Now, I can't help but want to tell you a little secret. Can you deal with one little secret to begin? Today, this morning, we are going to be launching two products unique to Europe. Only in Europe. You are the only people that will be found. You are going to be launched momentarily, and I look forward to seeing these products and how you use them here in Europe to help the world heal and impact the world around you for good. Now, on a personal level, I wish to thank you, and we wish to thank you for everything you are doing to build doTERRA. You are incredible. As a group of people, you are doing amazing things. And we want you to understand that on the executive team back at doTERRA, we see you. We see what you are doing every day. And it is absolutely inspiring. Now, let's do some products. Sound good? Thank you. Great.