Vice President of Global Strategy and Vice President of India, Russell Butters. Hello, doTERRA family. Oh, it is such an honor to be with you today. So I just passed my 10-year mark in doTERRA in April. And this is the first time that I have attended a convention outside of the U.S. So over those times, over all those 10 years, I've had the pleasure of meeting so many different people at different events. But for many of you, this is the first time that we've had a chance to interact. So I invite you to stop me. I would love to get to know you. For those of you that still may be wondering, who is this guy? For the first seven years of my doTERRA journey, I spent on the U.S. Sales team. Primarily as VP of U.S. Sales. Over the last several years, I have opened the markets of India and the UAE and still oversee India today. And in addition to this, this year I took on the role of Vice President of Global Strategy, mainly focusing on international. So I look forward to getting to know all of you. So if you have any questions on India or any other international markets, I would be happy to answer those or track down the answers if I don't know them. But I do want to say this. That watching from a distance over the past several years, I have been very impressed with the European market. Your growth, your programs, and especially all of you. In fact, as we launched in India, we have used the Romanian market as an example of what strong growth in the European market has been. So I think about this. There are about 19 million people in Romania. And over 50 diamonds. I think that's still growing, right? Amazing. So with 1.4 billion people, it will be exciting to see how the India market develops over time. So thank you for setting the bar high for everyone to follow. Okay, so this slide right here, this is not a mistake. Marketing did not forget to doTERRAize this slide. But the thoughts I want to share with you today focus on leadership, and specifically leadership inside of doTERRA. In other direct selling companies, and in the world in general, leadership can be many different things and can show up in different ways. Some good, some bad. You may have heard the phrase, a picture is worth a thousand words. Have you heard that? Maybe that's just an American saying. Anyways, a picture is worth a thousand words. So I'm going to show you a picture that I took personally, that to me, screams leadership, and maybe a lack of leadership. Okay, so let me tell you the story behind this picture. Early one morning, in a rural part of Utah, I was out with my father-in-law doing chores. He's a farmer. We were driving down this dirt road, and in the distance, I could see something walking the road. As we got closer, I was amazed at what we found. These sheep had gotten stuck in a cattle guard. Now, if you don't know what a cattle guard is, there are metal bars that go across the road that will allow cars and trucks to pass, but when animals come up, they cannot cross because underneath the metal bars, it's empty. There's a hole in the ground. So cows, cows are smart. They never try to cross. Most sheep are smart enough, but it only takes one, if you know sheep. So look at this picture really closely for a second. What sticks out to you? So do you notice that some of the sheep are facing different directions? So these sheep all came from the same direction, but as they crossed, some of them are now facing a different direction. Right? So that means they go all the way across, and then they went back to get stuck with their friends. Okay? Notice the in front. You see that white? This was in the middle of summer. This isn't snow. That is from the wool, from them trying, them struggling to try to get free. But they are helpless because their legs can't touch the ground. And without help, they would die. But this story does have a happy ending. The sheep didn't die. However, it was a lot of work to free them. It took a tractor, slings, and a lot of time and effort to lift each one of them out one by one. And to keep them running back in to get stuck with their friends again. Right? So there are so many lessons that can be drawn from this picture. But the one-on-one highlight is this. As a leader in doTERRA, it doesn't matter if you're a leader of one, or a presidential diamond of a team of 10,000. You are the tractor. This is leadership. There is no title required. It's just something you do. So I invite all of you to be the tractor. You are the leader to keep them from falling into challenging situations. But when it happens, which it does for every leader, be the tractor. So you may be asking yourself, okay, I'm struggling. Or I have a team that may be struggling. What can I do? In my 10 years of doTERRA, working with top leaders from around the world, this is where I would say to put your focus. So what is leadership? Earlier I mentioned leadership can be viewed a little differently as a wellness advocate. All these bold points are about how the world defines leadership. And they are very important. However, leadership in doTERRA builds on those great points. Become your best, most authentic self. Don't try to be somebody that you aren't. You are more than enough. Create a clear vision and take consistent action over a long period of time. Your team will follow your lead. They see you doing two classes a week, they are likely to follow your lead and at least do one. Whatever your level of effort is, most often they will be just under that bubble. Inspire and uplift others. Make this business rewarding and fun. People want to be around people that are happy and have a smile on their face. Very important. Servant, purpose, and integrity. This is our culture. It's one of the biggest things that makes doTERRA a difference. Empower people to grow and succeed. Isn't this the best part of doTERRA? Ask experienced leaders at doTERRA and they say they appreciate the financial aspects of the doTERRA business, but most importantly they love seeing people around them succeed even more. And last, build strong supportive communities. This is the result of the work from the top five. So if you are looking for a job and this was on the job description, I think most people would apply for this. And this is why you talk about the business to everyone. This is what they want. Okay, what is the key to your success? So you'll notice, I've been changing the title of this slide. So the exact same things that you do to be a leader are the same things that will lead to your success at doTERRA. I told you over the last couple of years, I've spent a lot of time in India. I feel this is a pretty fair explanation of how their traffic works. Has your doTERRA business ever felt like this? Sometimes it gets a little crazy. Different programs, promotions, incentive, events, all the things. Has it ever felt like this? Okay, who has been to India in here? Alright, is this not an exaggeration of the traffic? This is exactly what it's like. We do not want your doTERRA business to feel like this. Instead, all green stoplights. My challenge for you over the next couple of days is pick three things that you can focus on that will help move your business forward. Don't try to implement everything you learn and hear here. Take the best pieces that are the most meaningful to you and implement those. So you notice, there's no red, no yellow on the stoplight. It is all green. There are so many opportunities here for you at doTERRA. So at doTERRA, there is no title required for leadership. Simply stated, leadership is personal growth combined with empowering and serving others to achieve success. Thank you. Thank you.
