Welcome back to the stage, Director of Claim Substantiation Research, Dr. Scott Johnson. Who's ready for round two of some product education? That doesn't sound like you're ready. Are you ready for some more product education? That's more like it. Thank you so much for welcoming me back. It's so good to be with you at the doTERRA European Convention. Today I have the privilege of discussing two fantastic products. One that leverages a historically revered botanical, which is also a doTERRA exclusive. And another that you've just seen, OnGuard Stick Plus Echinacea. Which represents strategic formulation, producing a chemistry driven, convenience optimized support tool designed with you, our European customers and wellness advocates in mind. Before we talk about ingredients, mechanisms or delivery systems, let's start with the foundation. First, let's talk about just how extraordinary and how essential the immune system really is. The immune system is a highly coordinated network of organs, lymphatic vessels, immune cells like T cells and V cells, and the cytokine signaling molecules that allow them to communicate. While we want the immune system on guard, unintended, we don't want it to be overstimulated. We want to maintain balance. That's where plant chemistry becomes powerful. Echinacea is widely recognized as one of the most famous immune herbs. Most commonly, its extracts are used for respiratory support, immune stimulation, wounds, and even as a blood purifier, which is historical language for immune support. Its whole herb and root extracts are pharmacologically active because they contain three major classes of compounds. Alchemides, which are its most studied for immune activity, cafic acid derivatives, and polysaccharides. The alchemides interact with CB2 receptors on immune cells, the same receptor system influenced by beta-caryophylline. The polysaccharides, which are used for polysaccharides, and the phenolic compounds provide antioxidant support. Clinical research on these extracts shows that standardized extracts do indeed support immune health. This is where tradition meets chemistry. Echinacea also produces an essential oil. Though what's published in the literature has only been lab distillations to this point. Meaning this oil is not commercially available. However, these lab distillations have taught us about the chemistry and some of the properties of this essential oil. Germicrine B, alpha-thelen green, beta-caryophylline, and gamma-perfuming are commonly reported as constituents of echinacea essential oil. Each constituent in the oil has a property and a purpose, and can interact with a specific molecular target. Germicrine B is the dominant sesquiterpene in some gemobytes. While isolated germicrine B has limited direct immunological research, essential oils containing germicrine B have demonstrated cleansing and macrophage related bioactivity in laboratory models. For example, ylang-ylang essential oil also contains moderate amounts of germicrine B. You'll recognize beta-caryophylline from copaiba essential oil. Beta-caryophylline has been identified in the scientific literature as a selective activator of CB2 receptors. Receptors expressed on various immune cells. Reviews in Frontiers in Pharmacology describe CB2 receptor activation as being associated with downstream immune signaling pathways involved in inflammatory processes in preclinical models. Echinacea contains moderate levels of alpha-phalandrine. Another essential oil that contains notable levels of alpha-phalandrine is pink pepper. In preclinical research, alpha-phalandrine has been observed to influence neutral pill migration and cytokine expression under experimental inflammatory conditions. Gamma-caryophylline is a minor suspect in the profile and is also found in essential oils such as ginger and turmeric. Essential oils containing gamma-caryophylline have shown modulation of nitric oxide and prostaglandin-related mediators in cell-based macrophage models. When considering mechanistic clarity from a research perspective, beta-caryophylline has the most clearly defined receptor interaction in published literature. Alpha-phalandrine has preclinical evidence relating to neutrophil and cytokine pathways, germic green leaf and gamma-percumine are most appropriately discussed within the broader context of whole oil bioactivity observed in laboratory models. Now you'll be excited to know that OTERRA is the first to commercialize an Echinacea essential oil. It's exciting and it will soon be available as a limited time offer in a 2.5 milliliter bottle in the European market. The first market to experience this one-of-a-kind essential oil. Ivan, who manages Esetere in Bulgaria, has a message for you. Hi, Dutera family. I'm Ivan Vite from Esetere in Bulgaria, the largest Dutera-owned manufacturing facilities in the world. Today I'm proud to announce something really, really special. A project we have been working on for quite some time. And there it is. Echinacea essential oil. We may already know Echinacea as a flower or as an extract, but we ask ourselves, how can we take it further? For the first time ever, we have to steal pure Echinacea essential oil, something that has never been done on this scale before. And now it's finally here, neat and also smartly combined with long gun. By bringing together Bulgaria's ideal climate, a message that advanced distillation expertise, we've created something extraordinary. We cannot wait for you to try. Thank you, Ivan and the Esetere team for your dedication, for continuing to push the boundaries of what can be done. We are very excited about this new essential oil and will continue researching its potential. Our Echinacea essential oil is a Germacrine B chemotype, with the major constituents being Germacrine B, Alpha-Phalandrine, Beta-Caryophyllene, and Gamma-Cercunine. This means it is rich in Sesquiterpines, which tend to have greater binding potential to human cell receptors. Research shows that this chemotype activates key immune cells by triggering internal calcium signaling, one of the main ways inter-immune cells know when to respond. It also demonstrated cleansing activity. This is important. We are not relying on whole herb data, but the emerging essential oil specific science. Let's briefly look at how to use Echinacea essential oil. Echinacea has been used extensively throughout history by indigenous cultures, both in traditional practices and botanical preparations. From a topical perspective, Echinacea essential oil may help promote cleansed, healthy-looking skin. It's earthy, floral, and herbaceous aroma also makes it uniquely browning and balancing, both fresh and subtle. In daily use, you can add a drop to lotion or fractionated coconut oil to refresh the complexion. The Sesquiterpines and Echinacea should complement the monoterpenes in OnGuard when you want to take something to support year-round wellness. Here are some recommendations for dilution. For massage, mix five drops with 10 milliliters of carrier oil. For bath use, blend five drops with five milliliters of carrier oil before adding to water. For perfuming, dilute one drop in 10 drops of carrier oil. As always, thoughtful dilution ensures both safety and optimal experience. Since we're on the topic of immunity and essential oils, the essential oils in OnGuard have been studied for immune-supportive properties and cleansing activity. I want to highlight some of the preclinical research that demonstrates the mechanism by which these essential oils work. Wild orange is over 90% limonene, which regulates immune cell activity and protects immune cells. Rich in eugenol, close supports healthy white blood cell activity and regulates inflammatory cytokines. Cinnamon bark aids the activation of T cells and supports both innate and adaptive immunity. Containing high levels of quenicineol, eucalyptus supports macrophage activity and phagocytosis. Rosemary contributes to antioxidant activity. Lastly, the OnGuard blend shows the ability to modulate inflammatory markers and immune pathways in a cell-based model. This is targeted immunological influence that mirrors and validates traditional usage. Limonene does something fascinating. Laboratory studies show limonene has a high affinity for the stratocornium layer of the skin and may increase the absorption of other actives. So not only does it support immune function, it may enhance skin penetration of key ingredients in a formulation. Clove essential oil shows broad cleansing activity. Beyond this, its eugenol also modulates cytokines IL-1-beta and IL-6, reduces oxidative stress pathways and demonstrates anti-oxidant activity. This supports a healthy inflammatory response and helps maintain a vigilant immune system. Now what's great is you in the European market get a product that combines the benefits of OnGuard and Echinacea essential oil. You're the first to experience the new OnGuard Plus Echinacea Stick. You can take this stick wherever you go, when you travel, on hikes, or during other outdoor activities, on the plane or train, even in a classroom. This stick is cleansing to the skin, but it's also deeply moisturizing due to the coconut oil. You'll love the way it glides on your skin because of the added sunflower seed wax that gives it a velvety, smooth texture. And the best thing is, it gives you an easy, no-mess way to enjoy OnGuard and Echinacea essential oils. Now let's talk about how to use this intentionally, not randomly. This isn't just a fragrance stick. It's designed for targeted application. There are key areas of the body where application makes biological sense. Two places to consider are the wrists and the inner forearms. These areas are highly vascular, meaning they are strong blood flow that's close to the surface of the skin. You naturally bring your wrists towards your face, reinforcing inhalation benefits. Applying over the upper chest supports two things. First, proximity to the respiratory tract. And second, ongoing aromatic exposure as you breathe. These are good places to apply the stick when you're in a high-density environment like airplanes, trains, or conferences like this. Think of this as targeted layering, strategic application to areas where circulation, inhalation, and immune interface are highest. This combination is also about chemistry. OnGuard has high levels of monotermen, phenypropanoids, and aldehydes. While Echinacea is rich in sesquiterpenes. This combination allows for greater immune cell engagement, cleansing activity, and antioxidant support. Remember that Echinacea contains beta-caryophyllene, which binds to CB2 receptors. And CB2 receptors are highly expressed in immune cells. OnGuard plus Echinacea stick equals different chemistry and complementary mechanisms in one delivery system. One of the key strategies for the topical application of essential oils is to mix it with a carrier oil or carrying substance. This does exactly what it says. Carries the essential oils as a delivery vehicle. This means that the essential oils maintain contact with the skin for longer, reducing their volatility and enhancing their absorption and benefits. Something I teach is the 410-75 guideline. This means that research shows that when we apply an essential oil neatly without carrier oil, we absorb about 4% of that essential oil. When we combine it with carrier oil, that absorption increases to 10%. Finally, if the application is covered with a semi-acquiseive dressing, which are dressings specifically designed to allow moisture vapor to pass while retaining some moisture, such as hydrocolloid blue dressings, the absorption dramatically increases to 75%. Plus, it's mess-free and convenient. Don't forget that you also get to inhale the aroma of two oils, so in a way you become your own personal diffuser, carrying the calming and balancing aroma with you wherever you go. When you apply this stick, you can't help but have a better mood. When we combine monoterpenes, phenols, aldehydes, and sesquiterpenes in a fatty acid delivery system, we get something greater than the sum of its parts. That's the OnGuard plus Echinacea stick. Every product we develop, we begin with one simple question in mind. What are we supporting? And as someone who has used essential oils for more than two decades and studied them for roughly 15,000 hours, I think we nailed it with this product. If you want to learn more about these products and ask me any questions, I will be in the Be Well area for the product showcase once this session comes. Thank you so much and see you there.