 thousands of people and opened up the most deepest and personal moments of my life. And then I realized that the only way to do so is to be honest. And that's what I'm going for today. Do you know that feeling that you make plans and God rewrites the story? Life has a very surprising aspect, right? And not only the way to expect. Is anyone here who works in I-Book? Don't be shy. Come on. I did too. For 20 years. Stability, comfortability, company car, good salary, annoying boss. Sounds familiar? I actually loved my job. And from the outside, everything was perfect. But from the inside, I fell down. Empty. I knew that something in me was turned off. Thank God I had TeraOils. So every morning, driving to the office in my company car, I had to apply half a bottle to motivate just to start my day. I had to do this. So I had my oils that gave me energy and passion. And over and over again, Tera people would ask me, Anastasia, when can you finally start TeraOils business? I heard this question a hundred times. And on 101st, I stopped and asked myself, Actually, why not? Maybe I felt that I did not have enough courage. Actually, I would like to have, say, balls, that it would be accepted by the organizers. But somewhere deep inside, I knew I did. And one day, I decided, this is the moment. So I went to my enormous balls, remember? And I went to my office and said, David, can you please fire me? He looked at me and said, Are you crazy? I answered, you know I am. So actually, when he fired me, we became really good friends. So I quit hiding. Woo! Woo! Woo! And then, almost immediately, I asked myself, Okay. How exactly are we going to do it? You have no team, no clients, no community, no strong Instagram, nothing. But the only one thing I knew for sure. I am going to do it. From zero. So I started with zero clients. And today, I have three families. I have three families. I have three families. And I know that this is only the baby. So if anyone here still believes that you need perfect conditions to succeed, you don't. What you actually need is a strong decision. And in that moment, this is the only thing I have. When you decide, and you take action, things begin to move. You build, you grow, you rise through the ranks. And one day, you find yourself, standing there, holding your diaper. And then life takes me. In October, I came right from the Terra Convention, One Month's Dream. Legacy 3, the Terra Convention. This is a real moment. I landed making stories with my iPhone. I was inspired, motivated, excited about the future, planning events. So I walked into the rival's hall. And my daughter Sasha came to me with the flowers. I hugged her and said, Where is Netta? My husband. I hugged her and said, He is sitting over there. He cannot stand up. So straight from the airport, we went directly to the hospital in GAR, where we were told that my husband was facing the hardest health challenge of his life. This has become our bet for the next three years. I was lucky, but this is my luggage wasn't with me. So what Paul said. This is how we slept, hugging each other. I felt completely broken. I don't have family neutral. Netta was mine, the only anchor in life. I felt like the ground was pulled from under my feet. My big man, always the strongest, the sharpest, now could barely walk, talk, function, and I needed to support him in every legal thing. I didn't sleep. I constantly cried when Netta could not see me. I had hundreds of videos of me breaking down. But don't worry, I will spare you watching. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. Det headline didn't go away. We had tools. We felt supported. We felt fortunate. So when everything around you feels out of control, having something you can do, matters. And Netta's recovery has been incredible. This is only one teacher. He has 99 dollars in his group. But in spite of this, it was clear to me that our life will never be the same. Netta will never be the same. I will never be the same. And then I realized that I cannot give up. Netta needed to be strong. I needed to be strong for myself. Of course, I also used every kind of Duterte support I could. Adaptive, Help of Hope, Serenity, Help of Sleep, Metapower Recharge, BMG. You name it. Right in the middle of all this Duterte-Israeli Convention was taking place. And I seriously thought about cancelling. But deep inside, I knew that I need to be there. So straight from the hospital, I went to speak at the convention. And there I received hundreds of hugs from my team, from my upline. And I was sitting over. My dear heart and still me showed up there for me. And those that had given me strength. Strength to stand up again. To keep showing up. And I was a child. So I understood something deeply. I wasn't alone. I have a family. And the terror is the anchor for me. The emotional and the financial one. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. Det headline. It's about responsibility. It's about purpose. And purpose is what keeps you standing. I also made another decision. No matter what I am going through, I am going to put myself back up and return to my tranquility. So with the emotional oils, support and supplements, I started running, dancing, training again. Not because it was easy. Because it just gave me power to survive. And guess what? I am back to one of my favorite hobbies. Paul Densky. We are back to three years now. I have a great mother. And I do call them alongside 18 years old girls. Sometimes people look at me like, what is she doing? Yes, I am doing it. Because the age is just a number, not a limit. When we are just talking about. And life doesn't stop even when things get hard. So stop waiting for life to get easier. Stop waiting for the perfect moment. Stop waiting until you are completely ready. Because that moment may never come. You don't need to be a strong decision. You need stronger decision. Before we continue. And the next time. Thank you. Please come here. Thank you. Thank you. So if right now. In your life. In your life, you are going through something difficult and you feel comfortable to do so. Listen up. Everyone goes to achieve this life. Look around. Look around. See this? You are not allowed. And now, let's make a decision together. When I say a sentence, you answer me with a clap. Are you ready? So if you choose to keep going, clap. If you choose to grow, if you choose to stop waiting, and if you choose to win, clap. They didn't punch you out. They didn't punch you out. They didn't punch you out. They didn't punch you out. They didn't punch you out. They didn't punch you out. They didn't punch you out. They didn't punch you out. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.