Welcome to the stage, Diamond, Christine Schindel. Wow, here we go with this huge topic. Beyond the plateau, you're not stuck, you're busy. You're busy with a triggering frame. But who am I to tell you about? This is me, the Houndhead. I'm Christine, mom of two boys who are sitting right over there, watching the hall on stage. And I'm so proud of them, but also proud of me, because being on stage is stepping out of my comfort zone. And I'm so proud of you. I've quit doTERRA since 2020, and I'm currently in Diamond, grateful for each step of my way. What is in common for all of us, I think, is that we love nature. And we love essential oils. So, since I'm very excited, if not anxious or frightening, let's grab your favorite essential oils. Maybe you might need some crowning after this exciting day. Maybe grab some balance. If you need some refreshment, since we're already late in the afternoon, maybe grab some peppermint. For me, it'll be brave from our precious kids collection, which will help me to work your world. So, please, grab your oil. Grab it on your hands. Grab your palms together. And do what we were as advocates I used to. Breathe in deeply. And exhale slowly. And crown yourself. Breathe in deeply again. And then, trust, encourage, concentration, love, whatever you need. Maybe you choose rose to inherit all the wisdom all the speakers before me already share. Inhale again. And that's same. Maybe we're a little sick. And shake it off. And then, we can start with this important topic. I'm talking about feeling stuck on a plateau, because I have been there. We all have been there. It's something we are familiar with. Let me know. Is there someone who can relate to the points I noted? Are you working hard, sharing products, reaching out, offering classes, workshops? Are you caring for your team? Are you investing in coaching and mindset, helping your clients, complementing your skills, and of course also doing the inner work? But still, you feel like nothing is happening, like you're stuck. Please raise your hand if you know that feeling. Okay. Good. Here we are. Please take a look around. You are not alone. We all have been there. Every leader has been there. And I know, knowing this is a little conversation, a consolation when you're actually there, but we're here today to find out how to overcome being stuck. that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that knowing its time will come. But also this precious tree grew in phases. First there were the roots, quietly growing underground, nobody seeing them. Then there are buds, shoots, platter and finally a fruit. The tree reminds us that growth takes time, nurturing, consistency and patience. And let me tell you a secret, your business works exactly the same way. Your calls, your clauses, your outtreat, they are the roots. Your first small wings are your buds and your breakthrough is the harvest. I want to remind you today that being on the plateau is not a failure. It is your root-building phase. It's invisible, quiet, maybe, and it's annoying sometimes. But it's preparing you for potential growth. Please take a look at this picture. You see a woman symbolized as a tree, standing there firm and confident, blossoming. And we know this tree not only as a symbol of nature, but also since we are all growing little trees with our team. I'd like to invite you to interactively reflect on you now for a minute. Please take a pen and paper or if you are a slave to modern technology like we are all are, please take your phone and let me ask you the following question. Are you ready? Are you ready? Number one, if you imagine yourself as a tree, in which phase are you in right now? Are you quietly growing roots? Maybe it's your first convention this year. So far welcome, great to have you. Maybe you are already here for the big tea. Or maybe you are already investing in training and knowledge. Did you already see some buds or blossoms? Did you already harvest a red maybe? Or a special achievement? And a note to all our leaders in Frontier. Maybe you recognize yourself that this cycle might be repeated. Even if we have a rank and seem to know what's working and what not, we also might be stuck on a plateau. So, second question. What small actions nurture your roots today that bring you growth tomorrow? Again, what small actions might nurture your roots today to bring you growth tomorrow? What's working well? Do you like oil classes? Do you do them personally or online? Maybe it's something else that's making you happy and your oil heart beating. Do more of it. And the third question. Sorry. If you could change one habit to nurture growth and your business better, what would it be? One habit that you change to nurture yourself and grow better. One habit that you change the world is the best way to nurture your roots today. I think you gave a lot of inspiration on this topic during today's speeches. They were so valuable. And so many people gave you inspiration on what to change, what to do, what to adapt. So please take some time to know what's coming to your mind first and write it down. And as usually, please do not overthink. Your heart will speak to you immediately. So just take notes on what's coming to your mind. This is your potential nature-inspired blueprint. And you can relate to it. You can come back to it later. Thank you. Thank you. Such like in nature, growth is not course. It's nurtured, consistent and seasonal. Please let that sink in. And keep it close to your heart whenever you're struggling. When you feel stuck, please remember. Groups are the hidden work. Your learning, your persistence, but most of all, your belief. Butts are your small wins. Maybe just one trend inspired. Shoots are with your growth. Momentum that starts showing. And the harvest may be your breakthrough. But I'm not only speaking about rank. I'm also speaking about your personal development. Please note what resonated with you. And now look at your notes and ask yourself. Am I sometimes trying to pull the leaves out faster? Am I sometimes expecting flowers in the season of winter? Am I ignoring roots in need of care? I can feel familiar to this. And maybe so do you. If it's at least you sometimes, please be gentle on yourself. Awareness is the first step. And this is what I'm here to remind you of. Be empowering children. Just like in nature, if you nurture your roots and trust the seasons, potential growth ways. So let's get specific with some practical tips. If you want to track and reflect, you can... Oh sorry. I was too quick. Yeah, I'm here to. Small practical actions might be to track and reflect what activities nourish you. To set many goals and please do not forget to celebrate them. To be bold and try something new. Just like you might change the soil for the plant you're growing. If you are really bold, then you can shift your identity. But not to perfection. Instead, avoid performing and be authentically you. You're flourishing. What would it take? Be consistent. Keep showing up and keep watering on your breath. And adjust your routines since different seasons need different care. Please manage your energy. It is important to recharge yourself. And allow yourself to rest. And last but not least, go with it the Empowerment Day. Become travel. Learn from those who have been there. Continue to transform. Nurturing your mood and trusting the feeling can lead to meaningful growth. As we already heard, strong moods are the foundation. But are nourished by daily actions. And observing your shoots means co-creating and adjusting when momentum begins to show. However, you might also reset your harvest mindset. Recognize growth that already happened. Try to be grateful. Even for the smallest wins. And maybe you like to renew your neural pathways. What if it didn't work out? Instead of thinking, what if I fall? Think of, but darling, what if you fly? Expect the best.  Additional tips might be to focus on a specific audience. It might be perfecting your storytelling. But please be reminded in an authentic way. It's important not to force results. Neither growth nor something else. Please learn to accept uncertainties. Learn to trust. Fertilizing and water with daily high value activity will help your plant grow. And you might want to track your wins and failures. But not to be hard on yourself. Instead embrace strength and softness. Nature adapts. You adapt. If you'd like to reset your mindset from season to season, this would help a lot. Because both growth and rest are valuable. And I'd like to recommend you to look for a continuity party. A kind of gardener guiding you on the way you are becoming. It might be your upline, crossline or a close friend. And now ask yourself, which of these strategies will you implement now? Immediately to nurture your rules and watch your business bloom. Please take a short moment to reflect. And since this topic is always popping up and has already been during the day, I'd like to give you a little shift on scarcity and prepare it. Someone else's success is triggering you. I know that feeling too. But I'd like to invite you to try and shift it. Let their success be your proof that what you are aiming for is possible. Remember that success is not scars. And that someone else's receiving doesn't take away from you. If you are feeling threatened in your system, if you're scared, if your system resists, then you are... Your system resists the success itself. If on the opposite, you are happy for the others. If you are celebrating their success, like we will do tomorrow night during the gala, then you are becoming a magnet. You are becoming an energetic match for the receiving, for the abundance you are aiming for. Please remember, no flower looks what the flower next to her is doing. She is just blooming. And so might be you. You, you, everyone here in this room, are unique. You are blooming in your own divine way and timing. So I hope what you're saying is calling today is that your plateau is just a season. But it's not just a season. It's an important one. It's the one teaching you lessons, patience and trust. It's the one allowing you to pause, adjust and redirect. It's ensuring your inner growth to become visible on the outside. Please let me hear you if this message landed. And if you try to change your view on a plateau and instead of being annoyed and angry, become thankful for it. I can tell you, all diamonds here in the room work for them at the top. They cultivated their roots. They nurtured their buds and trusted the seed. And maybe the next diamond is already somewhere over there. Maybe it's you, or you, or you. Maybe you are on stage next year, going out of your comfort zone. So nurturing your growth like nature nurtures the tree is very important. Please don't lose your energy on doubting yourself, on comparing yourself to others and on trying to be perfect. I would have loved to speak freely on stage. But I'm so afraid I miss everything, then I'm here with hand notes. And it's absolutely fine, I think. Please remember that you are perfect just the way you are. Focus on what you love, what you are good at and what initially motivated you to share our lives. And our precious oils. There are so many opportunities to create potential growth. And if it still feels tight and threatening and you think, wow, all this sounds nice and it's amazing and good for her. I can tell you, my last plateau just ended now, stepping on this stage. Because, I don't know, most of all, for always smiling for being the little Sancho. But, there are other times too. And, what is my most important topic, it's sharing my heart. And recently, my heart has a lot of AIDS due to life being challenging. And, I think we all know that. And, I thought I need to perform as usual. But, this didn't work. And, people close to me, obviously, they were a good one. But, instead of us, people have a good one. And, just releasing, I thought I need to do and be. And, it simply didn't work. But, I am so happy, that there are people around me, who see my lies and who believe in me from the beginning. Especially my offline, but also my frontline ladies. And, when I thought, oh, Christine, your personal struggles, they might not impact your business. Please keep moving, keep performing, keep doing. They were the ones that reminded me, that our team consists of growth, authenticity and room for each other. We hold each other. This is what I created years ago, when I started my business. This is what my ladies love our team for. It is not that I am a Canberra queen. And, I am no love leader. But, I am touching hearts. I am sharing my perspective. And, the ladies told me, when I thought, oh, they do not get what they need. You are not sharing so much knowledge. Our meetings are not as often as they were in advance. It takes time. Then, they came here and said, we do not need the meetings. We do not need campus life. We are even better. I was a bit, I am a great team. But, we need you. We need your heart. We need your perspective. And, we need it also when it is injured. So, please stop performing. And, begin to be new again. And, of course, doTERRA did invite me on stage to tell you about my struggle. But, I just wanted to tell you, the plateau is not the end. It is the end of your comfort soul. And, the beginning of your transformation. And, what awaits at the end of the plateau is even better. So, please, let me be your fortune teller today. Instead of being angry and being impatient, try to imagine yourself in the way you are performing at your best. Maybe your breakthrough is just around the corner. The next season waiting to bloom. What if I told you, that in three months all your wish was there. Then, next year, you might be on stage. Or, at least, walking at the gala. You better get ready for growth. You better act like this today. Aware, trusting and knowing that what's meant for you won't miss you. All it takes is already within you. So, better get ready to ignite good work with your light and simply be.
